
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.068495                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 68495492000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2576859644500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  39948                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                    76371                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                              156526414                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3692316                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   437.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    17481188                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      33419703                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.data           24                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.data            8                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      2173632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           2173736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total           72                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       319360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         319360                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.data             1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        33963                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              33976                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         4990                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              4990                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.data             350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            1051                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.data             117                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     31733942                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             31735461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst         1051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total            1051                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      4662497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             4662497                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.data            350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           1051                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.data            117                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     36396439                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            36397957                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples     38936.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.021544808750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds          154                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds          154                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState              79145                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState              5059                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      33963                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      4990                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    33963                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    4990                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               2172608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1024                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 318144                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                2173632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              319360                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    16                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1558                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             2502                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             2137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             2288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             2425                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             2379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             2206                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             2562                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             2264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2306                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2037                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1855                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1713                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1919                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            1722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              228                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              402                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              292                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              438                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              386                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              271                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              360                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              401                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             395                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             170                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                      673                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  68494270000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                33963                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                4990                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  31458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2296                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    176                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     16                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   129                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   133                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   191                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   204                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   186                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   213                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   105                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    95                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    61                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    37                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                    40                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                    64                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                    76                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                    69                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                   743                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        16156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.156970                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.683212                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   218.506103                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10829     67.03%     67.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3093     19.14%     86.17% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          824      5.10%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          299      1.85%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          180      1.11%     94.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           99      0.61%     94.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           68      0.42%     95.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           90      0.56%     95.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          674      4.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        16156                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    220.383117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1814.999138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          153     99.35%     99.35% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.65%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          154                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     32.279221                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    23.273066                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    54.146316                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-23          100     64.94%     64.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-31           12      7.79%     72.73% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-39           22     14.29%     87.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-47           11      7.14%     94.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-55            1      0.65%     94.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-71            3      1.95%     96.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::176-183            1      0.65%     97.40% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::224-231            1      0.65%     98.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::256-263            1      0.65%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::400-407            1      0.65%     99.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::440-447            1      0.65%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          154                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      2172608                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       318144                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 31718992.543334089220                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 4644743.627799621783                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        33963                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         4990                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0   2716856724                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 915737889466                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     79994.60                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 183514607.11                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  2080350474                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2716856724                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 169735000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    61282.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               80032.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       31.72                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        4.64                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    31.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     4.66                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     14.64                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   19075                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   3686                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                56.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               73.88                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   1758382.41                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   58.46                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                61411140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                32637000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              128926980                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              13890420                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        2873442000.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           889630350                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy           189762720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     9301723410                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy     5342676960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      8334075420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy           27170362740                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           396.673736                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         66044390501                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    379530000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1215500000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  31733756250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  13913210750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    854883749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20398600251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                53949840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                28675020                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              113454600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              12058200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        2857461360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           836906490                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy           200718240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     8916491190                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     5638410720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      8444082780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy           27104135160                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           395.706847                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         66129804503                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    414113500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1208740000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  31895836500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14683335250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    739742997                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19553712753                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.data           32                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.data           16                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      2169472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           2169584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.cpu1.data           16                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       316864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         316880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.data             4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        33898                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              33912                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         4951                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              4953                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.inst             934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.data             467                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.data             234                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     31673209                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             31674844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst          934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total             934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.cpu1.data            234                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      4626056                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             4626290                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.inst            934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.data            467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.data            467                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     36299265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            36301134                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl1::samples     38837.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.030575767750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds          138                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds          138                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState              78935                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState              5038                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      33898                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      4951                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    33898                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    4951                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               2168704                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    768                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 315008                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                2169472                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              316864                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    12                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1575                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             2494                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             2129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             2269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             2419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             2353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             2577                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             2192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2069                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1868                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1681                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1910                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            1720                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              235                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              296                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              427                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              374                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              353                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              379                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              399                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             375                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             207                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                      822                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  68494809000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                33898                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                4951                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  31434                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2281                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    156                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     13                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    71                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   127                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   128                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   138                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   202                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   208                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   233                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   107                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    92                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    63                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    54                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    53                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    51                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    42                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    32                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                    21                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                    27                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                    38                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                    65                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                   894                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        16047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   154.765377                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    99.911979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   219.806345                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        10739     66.92%     66.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         3083     19.21%     86.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          815      5.08%     91.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          330      2.06%     93.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          142      0.88%     94.15% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           93      0.58%     94.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           64      0.40%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           93      0.58%     95.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          688      4.29%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        16047                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    245.239130                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1915.948350                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          137     99.28%     99.28% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.72%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          138                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     35.666667                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    24.204141                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    63.504737                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-23           88     63.77%     63.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-31            4      2.90%     66.67% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-39           29     21.01%     87.68% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::40-47            5      3.62%     91.30% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-55            3      2.17%     93.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-71            3      2.17%     95.65% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::128-135            1      0.72%     96.38% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::232-239            1      0.72%     97.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::256-263            2      1.45%     98.55% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::448-455            1      0.72%     99.28% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::480-487            1      0.72%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          138                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      2168704                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       315008                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 31661996.091655198485                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 4598959.592844445258                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        33898                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         4951                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1   2680209479                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 901097054507                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     79066.89                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 182003040.70                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  2044846979                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2680209479                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 169430000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    60344.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               79094.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       31.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        4.60                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    31.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     4.63                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.25                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.04                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     13.95                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   19079                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   3681                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                56.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               74.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                   1763103.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   58.60                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                61146960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                32496585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              128877000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              13958280                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        2843939280.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           873328920                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           187104960                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     9196689510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy     5302574880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      8410285080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy           27051970905                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           394.945275                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         66089033501                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    372329500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1203020000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  32112528750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  13808890251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    830460249                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  20168252250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                53435760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                28401780                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              113069040                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              11734560                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        2832261120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           822140070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy           197879520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     8890095630                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     5550858720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      8508489180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy           27010170900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           394.335016                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         66168305002                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    406897000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1198080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  32221972750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN  14455306001                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    717430998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  19495794251                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                          7                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                          8                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON          11000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   68495481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                              22                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                           22                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                 49                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                21                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            7                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          7                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                        22                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                                1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                       15     68.18%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       7     31.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                        22                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          3                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          2                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          9                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON          11000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   68495481000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                              22                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          7                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                           20                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                   20                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                          20                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                 36                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                14                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads                   1                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes                  4                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            5                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                        22                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                                4                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                       15     75.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       3     15.00%     90.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      2     10.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                        20                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  467                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 467                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 397                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                397                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              119                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           30                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          744                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          686                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1564                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          404                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           21                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          260                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          343                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          414                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          343                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         1025                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     1772                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               671000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              497500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              139500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              404985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              138985                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy              154500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy             1259000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          111                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       454656                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          111                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 16                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 159                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                1583684                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.926345                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 3.071374                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     1571302     99.22%     99.22% |       11050      0.70%     99.92% |        1223      0.08%     99.99% |          91      0.01%    100.00% |          16      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  1583684                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     12538213                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     2.864610                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     2.578950                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     1.297781                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |     1427879     11.39%     11.39% |     7820276     62.37%     73.76% |     2791297     22.26%     96.02% |      453521      3.62%     99.64% |       43134      0.34%     99.98% |        2061      0.02%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     12538213                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       12538209                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean         51.272977                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean        24.973313                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        38.071103                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    12531085     99.94%     99.94% |         740      0.01%     99.95% |         792      0.01%     99.96% |          97      0.00%     99.96% |        5485      0.04%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         12538209                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12070831                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     51.316582                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.987134                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    27.889126                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |     2817549     23.34%     23.34% |           0      0.00%     23.34% |           0      0.00%     23.34% |           1      0.00%     23.34% |     9191713     76.15%     99.49% |       61219      0.51%    100.00% |         348      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12070831                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       467378                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    50.146800                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.618988                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   137.089332                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      460254     98.48%     98.48% |         740      0.16%     98.63% |         792      0.17%     98.80% |          97      0.02%     98.82% |        5485      1.17%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       467378                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4126.651437                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.090619                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  2571.017429                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4147.299687                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.084122                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  2541.749653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000053                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   208.907555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000314                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  1253.445198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  1462.355851                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequest.avg_buf_msgs     0.067617                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequest.avg_stall_time  4001.754499                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffresponse.avg_buf_msgs     3.380833                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffresponse.avg_stall_time 24999.849625                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4138519                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        68510                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4207029                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      2003332                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        75214                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      2078546                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.047660                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.059905                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           63                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002910                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.068820                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToBuff.avg_stall_time   999.991189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3994.859304                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.034410                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromBuff.avg_stall_time 28831.436637                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000040                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.695542                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3622.192443                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       214280                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store          701                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store         4033                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      7564100                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.999376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles          3133                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      4150867                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       149857                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4300724                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      1778116                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses       173798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1951914                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.047693                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.082991                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           14                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.006628                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.066413                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToBuff.avg_stall_time   999.994394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000019                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3733.397703                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.033207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromBuff.avg_stall_time 29005.652051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.405778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3696.894151                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       204346                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         2985                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store         5954                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      8562172                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.stallRequestFromL2.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.stallRequestFromL2.avg_stall_time  2504.877241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000966                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.999376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles          8000                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000497                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.847815                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4489.480556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls           22                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       208009                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        34898                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       242907                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002523                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.999401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000303                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3616.806191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.stallRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.stallRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   334.993309                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.115734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           330                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000493                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.831219                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4512.748171                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls            2                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       189890                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        34581                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       224471                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.999401                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3618.306549                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.stallRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.stallRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   357.391126                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.204780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           330                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.067617                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3501.757349                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.178071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time 26345.816470                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized    16.904164                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::3      9262874                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Response_Data::3      9262872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::3     74102992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3    666926784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.001458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3122.193085                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3490.579446                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.034410                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time 28331.441473                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.002275                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  2077.223403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  2529.196754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1000.095273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.034477                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time  1501.137465                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized     8.932179                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0       143724                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::3      4713870                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1899                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1       145239                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::3      4713869                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1        57212                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57681                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22893                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32716                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0      1149792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::3     37710960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10457208                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3    339398568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       457696                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       461448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1648296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.003317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3196.894793                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3228.742375                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.033207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time 28505.655281                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2147.486159                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.005464                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  2010.943582                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000039                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  2043.616261                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000966                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1000.181278                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.033317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time  1501.771737                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized     9.053931                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       323654                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::3      4549005                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::4         1178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       324574                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::3      4549003                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1       132295                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2       132320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        59907                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        70393                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0      2589232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::3     36392040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::4         9424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     23369328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3    327528216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1058360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1058560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4313304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       563144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.002496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3989.448926                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000303                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3116.806808                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.116402                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000294                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1633.484358                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.002784                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1012.416737                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   999.699582                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time   670.280516                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     0.628003                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       276929                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::4          622                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1873                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       279307                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       107837                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       101090                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        42501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        56473                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      2215432                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::4         4976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     20110104                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       862696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       808720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3060072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       451784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.002273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4012.677174                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3118.307165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.205448                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000293                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1621.964475                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.002544                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1012.665757                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   999.662430                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time   740.443331                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     0.583955                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       258271                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::4          556                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1702                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       260629                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1        95406                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88911                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40299                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        46636                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      2066168                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::4         4448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     18765288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       763248                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       711288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2901528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       373088                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3626.651609                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2209.314341                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.132370                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.069338                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        33935                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36802                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7646                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3596                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       271480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2649744                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        61168                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3647.299858                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2184.268262                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000318                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.089699                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.069143                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        33887                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        36693                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1         7636                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       271096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2641896                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        61088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  1253.448512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  1462.352705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.002699                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7162                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         4176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        57296                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        56832                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.067617                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers003.avg_stall_time 26845.813269                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.001455                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_stall_time  2577.223290                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.000020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers011.avg_stall_time  3029.044506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.000421                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers012.avg_stall_time  1500.094634                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers013.avg_buf_msgs     0.034410                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers013.avg_stall_time  2001.133042                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.003314                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers015.avg_stall_time  2510.943450                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000018                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_stall_time  2543.319132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_buf_msgs     0.000966                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_stall_time  1500.180640                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers018.avg_buf_msgs     0.033207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers018.avg_stall_time  2001.768916                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_buf_msgs     0.000248                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_stall_time  2133.484215                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers021.avg_buf_msgs     0.002523                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers021.avg_stall_time  1512.416124                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_stall_time  1499.547383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000005                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  1005.273811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000247                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2121.964333                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.002300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time  1512.665144                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.000012                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  1499.493635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.000004                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time  1097.834442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_buf_msgs     0.000317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers031.avg_stall_time  1500.131782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.000317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  1500.089112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1671.260205                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_buf_msgs     0.067617                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers053.avg_stall_time  3001.760192                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_buf_msgs     0.001458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers061.avg_stall_time  2622.193720                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers062.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers062.avg_stall_time  2990.731682                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_buf_msgs     0.034410                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers063.avg_stall_time 27831.446302                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_buf_msgs     0.003317                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers066.avg_stall_time  2696.895429                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_buf_msgs     0.000014                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers067.avg_stall_time  2729.039493                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_buf_msgs     0.033207                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers068.avg_stall_time 28005.658504                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers069.avg_stall_time  1790.095069                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_buf_msgs     0.002496                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers070.avg_stall_time  3489.449079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_buf_msgs     0.000303                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers071.avg_stall_time  2616.807417                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_buf_msgs     0.000738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers072.avg_stall_time  2500.117062                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.002273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_stall_time  3512.677323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.000299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  2618.307775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers077.avg_buf_msgs     0.000649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers077.avg_stall_time  2500.206108                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.000274                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time  3126.651773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_stall_time  1847.611245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers085.avg_buf_msgs     0.000273                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers085.avg_stall_time  3147.300022                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers086.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers086.avg_stall_time  1826.786864                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers091.avg_buf_msgs     0.000052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers091.avg_stall_time  1044.541165                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.067671                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2501.763028                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers11.avg_buf_msgs     0.001986                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers11.avg_stall_time  2122.194348                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers12.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers12.avg_stall_time  2490.883911                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers13.avg_buf_msgs     0.034413                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers13.avg_stall_time 27331.451123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers16.avg_buf_msgs     0.004824                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers16.avg_stall_time  2196.896056                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers17.avg_buf_msgs     0.000022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers17.avg_stall_time  2229.336604                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers18.avg_buf_msgs     0.033215                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers18.avg_stall_time 27505.661719                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers19.avg_buf_msgs     0.000009                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers19.avg_stall_time  1432.703973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers20.avg_buf_msgs     0.002507                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers20.avg_stall_time  2989.449225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers21.avg_buf_msgs     0.000304                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers21.avg_stall_time  2116.808019                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers22.avg_buf_msgs     0.000738                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers22.avg_stall_time  2000.117716                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers25.avg_buf_msgs     0.002285                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers25.avg_stall_time  3012.677466                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers26.avg_buf_msgs     0.000300                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers26.avg_stall_time  2118.308377                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers27.avg_buf_msgs     0.000649                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers27.avg_stall_time  2000.206762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers30.avg_buf_msgs     0.000397                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers30.avg_stall_time  2626.651930                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers31.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers31.avg_stall_time  1485.908142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers35.avg_buf_msgs     0.000394                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers35.avg_stall_time  2647.300179                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers36.avg_buf_msgs     0.000034                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers36.avg_stall_time  1469.305458                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers41.avg_buf_msgs     0.000052                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers41.avg_stall_time   835.633811                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     3.624346                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0       535200                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::3      9262874                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::4         1178                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3819                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1       541651                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::3      9262872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       204016                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       190001                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        82800                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       110271                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      4281600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::3     74102992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::4         9424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        30552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     38998872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3    666926784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1632128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1520008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5961600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       882168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        56832                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control        29397757                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        11213                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data     29413569                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      1182051                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       248454                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       352125                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control        235182056                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control        89704                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data   2117776968                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      9456408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     17888688                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      2817000                      
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.lookups        2791706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condPredicted      2791706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condIncorrect       415710                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBLookups      2340771                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.usedRAS         333010                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.RASInCorrect        87259                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectLookups      2340771                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectHits       890489                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectMisses      1450282                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       274527                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdAccesses           10310271                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrAccesses            1650916                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdMisses                95399                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrMisses                17857                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrAccesses            2252445                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrMisses                40205                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  68495492000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               136990962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.icacheStallCycles     52160362                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Insts              14811418                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Branches            2791706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.predictedBranches      1223499                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Cycles             12267862                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.SquashCycles        1125522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.TlbCycles           2884518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.MiscStallCycles       209301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      2752427                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          459                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       424629                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.CacheLines          2081672                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheSquashes       374657                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.ItlbSquashes          15860                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::samples     71262319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.406989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.669991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::0        66770189     93.70%     93.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::1          211637      0.30%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::2          237936      0.33%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::3          302063      0.42%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::4          226533      0.32%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::5          289969      0.41%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::6          266897      0.37%     95.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::7          204856      0.29%     96.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::8         2752239      3.86%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::total     71262319                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.branchRate         0.020379                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rate               0.108120                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.IdleCycles        49465477                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.BlockedCycles     16779503                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus0.decode.RunCycles          4242191                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus0.decode.UnblockCycles       212383                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.decode.SquashCycles        562761                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.decode.DecodedInsts      28415991                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SquashCycles        562761                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IdleCycles        49625448                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus0.rename.BlockCycles        7469507                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializeStallCycles      7486793                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RunCycles          4246209                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UnblockCycles      1871597                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedInsts      28122204                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus0.rename.ROBFullEvents        46652                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IQFullEvents        790715                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.LQFullEvents        596241                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SQFullEvents        396817                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.FullRegisterEvents           16                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedOperands     33627566                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenameLookups     69805270                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus0.rename.int_rename_lookups     44539404                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1057533                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.CommittedMaps     23138958                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UndoneMaps        10488582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializingInsts        54072                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        51563                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.skidInsts          2129137                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedLoads      3368110                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedStores      1877666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingLoads       301598                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingStores       280371                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsAdded          27727007                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       133585                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsIssued         32038195                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       335627                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9073488                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13503823                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        59628                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     71262319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.449581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.170251                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     58440388     82.01%     82.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      4531829      6.36%     88.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3199687      4.49%     92.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1788096      2.51%     95.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1815188      2.55%     97.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       784108      1.10%     99.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       437785      0.61%     99.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       187202      0.26%     99.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        78036      0.11%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     71262319                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          76599      8.37%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      8.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu         11868      1.30%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             1      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift           25      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%      9.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemRead        763813     83.42%     93.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        17607      1.92%     95.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead        44889      4.90%     99.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          813      0.09%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       326059      1.02%      1.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     18996851     59.29%     60.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        28958      0.09%     60.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv       193151      0.60%     61.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd        10739      0.03%     61.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          336      0.00%     61.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     61.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd        13254      0.04%     61.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     61.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu       122454      0.38%     61.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp         1254      0.00%     61.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt       121850      0.38%     61.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc       148985      0.47%     62.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     62.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift         9603      0.03%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     62.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9702680     30.28%     92.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1666066      5.20%     97.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       677681      2.12%     99.94% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        18274      0.06%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::total      32038195                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.rate                  0.233871                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_cnt             915615                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.028579                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    134243150                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     36141789                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     23034386                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      2346799                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       798417                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       582428                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_alu_accesses      31433437                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_alu_accesses        1194314                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       193971                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1217469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4427                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         6215                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       483776                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1072                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      7733137                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewSquashCycles        562761                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewBlockCycles        4829137                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewUnblockCycles       629454                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     27860592                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8559                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3368110                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1877666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        87506                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIQFullEvents         85345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       480023                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         6215                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       132112                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       476303                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.branchMispredicts       608415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecutedInsts     31617856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10209493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       307776                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_refs            11842951                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_branches         2100611                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_stores           1633458                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_rate            0.230802                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_sent              23774538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_count             23616814                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_producers         16558058                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_consumers         28495790                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_rate              0.172397                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_fanout            0.581070                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitSquashedInsts      9077239                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        73957                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branchMispredicts       549558                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     69589260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.269971                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.083085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     62939919     90.44%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2498433      3.59%     94.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1494298      2.15%     96.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1049031      1.51%     97.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       408813      0.59%     98.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       219068      0.31%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       149070      0.21%     98.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       117066      0.17%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       713562      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     69589260                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedInsts     10000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedOps      18787092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.refs               3544527                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.loads              2150641                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.membars              22909                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branches           1710793                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.fp_insts            559521                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.int_insts         18259452                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.function_calls       210458                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       106343      0.57%      0.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     14514296     77.26%     77.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        28467      0.15%     77.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv       182949      0.97%     78.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         6656      0.04%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          208      0.00%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd        12568      0.07%     79.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu       117005      0.62%     79.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp          906      0.00%     79.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt       119536      0.64%     80.32% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc       146744      0.78%     81.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift         6887      0.04%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     81.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      2028555     10.80%     91.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      1378740      7.34%     99.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       122086      0.65%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        15146      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::total     18787092                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.bw_lim_events       713562                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_reads            96731411                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_writes           57405940                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus0.timesIdled                1745308                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus0.idleCycles               65728643                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts           10000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps             18787092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.cpi                     13.699093                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus0.cpi_total               13.699093                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.ipc                      0.072998                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus0.ipc_total                0.072998                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_reads        51271961                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_writes       19494640                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_reads           901293                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_writes          459571                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_reads         10630555                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_writes         8093711                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_reads       16454211                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_writes         40559                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.lookups        2807404                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condPredicted      2807404                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condIncorrect       484840                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBLookups      2384896                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.usedRAS         337387                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.RASInCorrect       106219                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectLookups      2384896                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectHits       729565                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectMisses      1655331                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPredindirectMispredicted       342315                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdAccesses           11400514                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrAccesses            1713546                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdMisses               130725                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrMisses                34708                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrAccesses            2168805                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrMisses                51728                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.numPwrStateTransitions           12                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            6                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean 831550916.666667                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 651495734.021061                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            6    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value     57661000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1828357000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            6                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  17458887500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   4989305500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  46047299000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               127012357                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.icacheStallCycles     48837040                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Insts              13266576                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Branches            2807404                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.predictedBranches      1066952                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Cycles             15975397                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.SquashCycles        1345552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.TlbCycles           2674626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.MiscStallCycles       312959                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles      1802952                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          169                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       563383                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.CacheLines          1958051                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheSquashes       431308                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.ItlbSquashes          21084                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::samples     70839302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.380444                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.620967                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::0        66671999     94.12%     94.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::1          260486      0.37%     94.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::2          189108      0.27%     94.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::3          210059      0.30%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::4          214025      0.30%     95.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::5          271290      0.38%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::6          243803      0.34%     96.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::7          222085      0.31%     96.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::8         2556447      3.61%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::total     70839302                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.branchRate         0.022103                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rate               0.104451                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.IdleCycles        45322500                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.BlockedCycles     20760433                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus1.decode.RunCycles          3890785                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus1.decode.UnblockCycles       192804                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.decode.SquashCycles        672776                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.decode.DecodedInsts      26018195                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SquashCycles        672776                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IdleCycles        45461069                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus1.rename.BlockCycles       11803432                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializeStallCycles      6240596                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RunCycles          3902943                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UnblockCycles      2758482                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedInsts      25643904                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus1.rename.ROBFullEvents        59377                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IQFullEvents        456827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.LQFullEvents        269144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SQFullEvents       1936594                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.FullRegisterEvents            2                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedOperands     27179329                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenameLookups     63854694                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus1.rename.int_rename_lookups     39270261                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.fp_rename_lookups       598795                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.CommittedMaps     15817614                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UndoneMaps        11361662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializingInsts        66273                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        53397                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.skidInsts          1865069                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedLoads      3761290                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedStores      2028538                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingLoads       485441                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingStores       421079                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsAdded          25054359                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       250244                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsIssued         29871053                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       414007                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10671995                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     16272766                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       113326                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     70839302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.421673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.150409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     59037899     83.34%     83.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      4269253      6.03%     89.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      2767045      3.91%     93.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1437805      2.03%     95.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1873710      2.65%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       801940      1.13%     99.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       394018      0.56%     99.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       175409      0.25%     99.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        82223      0.12%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     70839302                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          53478      4.80%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            2      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%      4.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu           552      0.05%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             6      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift           18      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%      4.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemRead        988354     88.73%     93.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59973      5.38%     98.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead        10598      0.95%     99.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          909      0.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       350846      1.17%      1.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     16063908     53.78%     54.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         5513      0.02%     54.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv        24409      0.08%     55.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd        10554      0.04%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          688      0.00%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd        22010      0.07%     55.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     55.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu        42820      0.14%     55.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp          250      0.00%     55.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt        50950      0.17%     55.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc        33271      0.11%     55.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     55.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift        16421      0.05%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     55.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11257534     37.69%     93.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1703136      5.70%     99.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       241046      0.81%     99.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        47697      0.16%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::total      29871053                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.rate                  0.235182                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1113890                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.037290                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    131141656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     35484981                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     19965060                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads       967649                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       504828                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       275674                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_alu_accesses      30152108                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_alu_accesses         481989                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       196256                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1685198                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         9398                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13426                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       682833                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          921                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8707238                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewSquashCycles        672776                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewBlockCycles        6236002                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      2677728                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     25304603                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        13850                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      3761290                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      2028538                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       122354                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIQFullEvents         56961                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      2574885                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        13426                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       138860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       595817                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.branchMispredicts       734677                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecutedInsts     29347959                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11265531                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       358797                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_refs            12945640                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_branches         1870952                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_stores           1680109                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_rate            0.231064                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_sent              20450698                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_count             20240734                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_producers         13738361                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_consumers         22259290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_rate              0.159360                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_fanout            0.617197                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitSquashedInsts     10675780                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       136918                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branchMispredicts       655962                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     68819913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.212621                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.955846                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     63539640     92.33%     92.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2046988      2.97%     95.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1136959      1.65%     96.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       823436      1.20%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       356836      0.52%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       186539      0.27%     98.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       121191      0.18%     99.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       112422      0.16%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       495902      0.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     68819913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedInsts      7481171                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedOps      14632569                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.refs               3421791                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.loads              2076087                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.membars              69826                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branches           1437031                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.fp_insts            237348                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.int_insts         14185013                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.function_calls       162692                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        96081      0.66%      0.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     10945153     74.80%     75.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         4800      0.03%     75.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        21469      0.15%     75.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         1907      0.01%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          608      0.00%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd        20830      0.14%     75.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu        30982      0.21%     76.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp          198      0.00%     76.01% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt        46962      0.32%     76.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc        31524      0.22%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.55% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift        10264      0.07%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     76.62% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      2027003     13.85%     90.47% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      1304120      8.91%     99.38% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        49084      0.34%     99.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        41584      0.28%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::total     14632569                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.bw_lim_events       495902                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_reads            93621375                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_writes           52641583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus1.timesIdled                1598339                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus1.idleCycles               56173055                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus1.quiesceCycles             9978605                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts            7481171                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps             14632569                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.cpi                     16.977604                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus1.cpi_total               16.977604                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.ipc                      0.058901                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus1.ipc_total                0.058901                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_reads        46756033                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_writes       16056956                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_reads           433104                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_writes          205993                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_reads          9108502                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_writes         4963832                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_reads       17342251                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_writes         37541                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2576859644500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization     3.380833                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::3      9262874                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::3     74102992                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization    30.427494                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::3      9262872                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3    666926784                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization    15.976886                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1899                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       143421                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::3      4713869                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56278                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15192                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10326312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3    339398568                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       450224                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization     1.887472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       143724                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::3      4713870                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1818                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          934                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        57681                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        22893                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        32716                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1149792                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::3     37710960                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       130896                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         7472                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       461448                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1648296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       261728                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization    16.053865                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::4         1178                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       323276                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::3      4549003                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       131085                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::4         9424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     23275872                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3    327528216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1048680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization     2.053996                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       323654                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::3      4549005                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1298                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1210                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       132320                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        59907                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           17                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        70393                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      2589232                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::3     36392040                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        93456                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         9680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1058560                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      4313304                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1224                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       563144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     0.402488                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       242907                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        34764                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6755                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       101090                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        42501                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        56473                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1943256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2503008                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54040                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       808720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3060072                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       451784                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     0.853518                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        34022                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4          622                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1873                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       244543                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       101082                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       272176                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4         4976                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     17607096                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       808656                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     0.379533                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       224471                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        34517                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6463                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88911                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40299                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        46636                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1795768                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2485224                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        51704                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       711288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2901528                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       373088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     0.788376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        33800                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4          556                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1702                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       226112                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        88943                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       270400                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4         4448                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        13616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16280064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       711544                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023596                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        33935                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2823                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1711                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3596                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       271480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       203256                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13688                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28768                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.115080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        33979                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5935                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3552                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2446488                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        47480                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.023471                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        33887                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3566                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       271096                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       201024                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28528                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.114815                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        33901                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         5912                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3552                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2440872                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        47296                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        28416                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.002783                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7104                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         4176                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        56832                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.002614                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         7162                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        57296                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization     3.380833                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::3      9262874                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::3     74102992                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization    15.976886                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1899                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       143421                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::3      4713869                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        56278                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15192                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     10326312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3    339398568                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       450224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization    16.053865                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::4         1178                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       323276                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::3      4549003                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1       131085                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::4         9424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        15360                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     23275872                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3    327528216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1048680                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     0.402488                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0       242907                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        34764                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6755                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2       101090                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        42501                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           15                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        56473                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0      1943256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2503008                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        54040                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       808720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3060072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       451784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     0.379533                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       224471                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        34517                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6463                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88911                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        40299                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            3                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        46636                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      1795768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      2485224                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        51704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       711288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2901528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       373088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.023596                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        33935                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1711                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3596                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0       271480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       203256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13688                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28768                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.023471                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0        33887                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1724                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3566                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0       271096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       201024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        13792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        28528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.002783                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           58                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         7104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         4176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        56832                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples        843288                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.972617                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.773638                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      756390     89.70%     89.70% |       85100     10.09%     99.79% |        1656      0.20%     99.98% |         111      0.01%    100.00% |          24      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total          843288                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        736577                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.869511                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        3.356888                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      726120     98.58%     98.58% |        9198      1.25%     99.83% |        1165      0.16%     99.99% |          81      0.01%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          736577                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          3819                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         1.670333                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        6.171292                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        3527     92.35%     92.35% |         165      4.32%     96.67% |          51      1.34%     98.01% |          34      0.89%     98.90% |          19      0.50%     99.40% |           8      0.21%     99.61% |           5      0.13%     99.74% |           5      0.13%     99.87% |           3      0.08%     99.95% |           2      0.05%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            3819                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5635837                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean      66.978868                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     65.368329                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     27.972025                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |     5632244     99.94%     99.94% |         364      0.01%     99.94% |         368      0.01%     99.95% |          50      0.00%     99.95% |        2806      0.05%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total       5635837                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5471834                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean    67.185689                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    67.110077                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.288113                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5423762     99.12%     99.12% |       47791      0.87%     99.99% |         281      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5471834                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       164003                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    60.078431                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.185423                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   162.721047                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      160410     97.81%     97.81% |         364      0.22%     98.03% |         368      0.22%     98.26% |          50      0.03%     98.29% |        2806      1.71%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       164003                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2693823                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.743061                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.070638                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     29.109328                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     2692271     99.94%     99.94% |         112      0.00%     99.95% |         170      0.01%     99.95% |          10      0.00%     99.95% |        1257      0.05%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       2693823                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            8                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket           79                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2645896                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000063                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000015                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.054065                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |     2645894    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2645896                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        47927                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    98.968369                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    46.320907                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   195.449690                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       46375     96.76%     96.76% |         112      0.23%     97.00% |         170      0.35%     97.35% |          10      0.02%     97.37% |        1257      2.62%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        47927                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples      4030458                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.868034                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean    61.204909                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.790064                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |     4028634     99.95%     99.95% |         251      0.01%     99.96% |         245      0.01%     99.97% |          33      0.00%     99.97% |        1293      0.03%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total      4030458                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           16                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          159                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3781446                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean    65.844420                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    65.807110                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     2.308674                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3767950     99.64%     99.64% |       13428      0.36%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3781446                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       249012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.855027                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.353435                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    94.371256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      247188     99.27%     99.27% |         251      0.10%     99.37% |         245      0.10%     99.47% |          33      0.01%     99.48% |        1293      0.52%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       249012                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        86851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.510506                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.129741                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    39.539423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       86428     99.51%     99.51% |         333      0.38%     99.90% |           2      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.00%     99.90% |           2      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.00%     99.91% |          82      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        86851                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        83686                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000096                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000066                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.009777                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       83678     99.99%     99.99% |           8      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        83686                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3165                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    69.888468                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.381798                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   195.804469                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2742     86.64%     86.64% |         333     10.52%     97.16% |           2      0.06%     97.22% |           0      0.00%     97.22% |           1      0.03%     97.25% |           1      0.03%     97.28% |           1      0.03%     97.31% |           2      0.06%     97.38% |           1      0.03%     97.41% |          82      2.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3165                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        45620                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     5.086694                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.268531                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    42.735581                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       45178     99.03%     99.03% |         377      0.83%     99.86% |           7      0.02%     99.87% |           4      0.01%     99.88% |           5      0.01%     99.89% |           2      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.00%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.00%     99.90% |          45      0.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        45620                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        42349                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       42349    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        42349                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3271                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    57.996331                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.587965                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   149.873682                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2829     86.49%     86.49% |         377     11.53%     98.01% |           7      0.21%     98.23% |           4      0.12%     98.35% |           5      0.15%     98.50% |           2      0.06%     98.56% |           1      0.03%     98.59% |           0      0.00%     98.59% |           1      0.03%     98.62% |          45      1.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3271                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        45620                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       45620    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        45620                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        45620                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       45620    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        45620                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       33935     50.04%     50.04% |       33887     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        67822                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        2823     50.28%     50.28% |        2792     49.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total         5615                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       33963     50.05%     50.05% |       33898     49.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        67861                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        4990     50.20%     50.20% |        4951     49.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         9941                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          44     75.86%     75.86% |          14     24.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           58                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        3552     50.00%     50.00% |        3552     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         7104                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        1711     49.81%     49.81% |        1724     50.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total         3435                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       33935     50.04%     50.04% |       33887     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        67822                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          28     71.79%     71.79% |          11     28.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        2167     50.09%     50.09% |        2159     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         4326                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          28     71.79%     71.79% |          11     28.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           39                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        2167     50.09%     50.09% |        2159     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         4326                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        1422     50.46%     50.46% |        1396     49.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total         2818                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           19                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |        1385     49.86%     49.86% |        1393     50.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         2778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        1711     49.81%     49.81% |        1724     50.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total         3435                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       33935     50.04%     50.04% |       33887     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        67822                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        1422     50.46%     50.46% |        1396     49.54%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total         2818                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           19                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          16     84.21%     84.21% |           3     15.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           19                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |        1385     49.86%     49.86% |        1393     50.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         2778                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |        1385     49.86%     49.86% |        1393     50.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         2778                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          58    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           58                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        7104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         7104                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          58    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             58                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        7104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            7104                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          58    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           58                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        7104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         7104                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          58    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           58                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        7104    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         7104                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load      |     9262874    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Load::total      9262874                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |     9262874    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total      9262874                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     2765495     49.07%     49.07% |     2870411     50.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total      5635906                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     2078551     51.57%     51.57% |     1951917     48.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      4030468                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1441592     50.20%     50.20% |     1430324     49.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2871916                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        1317     35.17%     35.17% |        2428     64.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         3745                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      142237     30.63%     30.63% |      322108     69.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       464345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |        1689     60.86%     60.86% |        1086     39.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total         2775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1542     54.28%     54.28% |        1299     45.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2841                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          63     68.48%     68.48% |          29     31.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           92                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       35293     33.63%     33.63% |       69655     66.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       104948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         605     42.04%     42.04% |         834     57.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       92698     30.39%     30.39% |      212325     69.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       305023                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_M |        8173     30.96%     30.96% |       18223     69.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_M::total        26396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_M |        6589     34.31%     34.31% |       12618     65.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_M::total        19207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2835    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_S::total         2835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1_S::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6737    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_S::total         6737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         303     44.49%     44.49% |         378     55.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         366     47.35%     47.35% |         407     52.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       55609     29.91%     29.91% |      130300     70.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       185909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.CALL_BACK |     4713869     50.89%     50.89% |     4549003     49.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.CALL_BACK::total      9262872                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       54778     33.45%     33.45% |      108997     66.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       163775                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       75214     30.20%     30.20% |      173798     69.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       249012                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       13269     24.75%     24.75% |       40336     75.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        53605                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         585     37.72%     37.72% |         966     62.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total         1551                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         122     53.28%     53.28% |         107     46.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          229                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          38     49.35%     49.35% |          39     50.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           77                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         300     59.64%     59.64% |         203     40.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          503                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      193311     44.09%     44.09% |      245178     55.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       438489                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     2003332     52.98%     52.98% |     1778116     47.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      3781448                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         303     44.49%     44.49% |         378     55.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         349     58.85%     58.85% |         244     41.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          593                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       86328     31.06%     31.06% |      191604     68.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       277932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |      907384     48.43%     48.43% |      966133     51.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      1873517                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        9913     33.39%     33.39% |       19775     66.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        29688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       32716     31.73%     31.73% |       70393     68.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       103109                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          31     58.49%     58.49% |          22     41.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total           53                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         474     60.69%     60.69% |         307     39.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          781                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     1609843     50.95%     50.95% |     1549986     49.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      3159829                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1418068     50.87%     50.87% |     1369795     49.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2787863                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           1      5.56%      5.56% |          17     94.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           18                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       22893     27.65%     27.65% |       59908     72.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        82801                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          79     54.48%     54.48% |          66     45.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          145                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         380     56.05%     56.05% |         298     43.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total          678                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       35293     33.63%     33.63% |       69655     66.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       104948                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         605     42.04%     42.04% |         834     57.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1439                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       79454     31.60%     31.60% |      171979     68.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       251433                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_M |        8173     30.96%     30.96% |       18223     69.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_M::total        26396                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_M |        6589     34.31%     34.31% |       12618     65.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_M::total        19207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2835    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_S::total         2835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          20    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1_S::total           20                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6737    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_S::total         6737                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          63     68.48%     68.48% |          29     31.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           92                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       13244     24.71%     24.71% |       40346     75.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        53590                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         303     44.49%     44.49% |         378     55.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          681                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |         366     47.35%     47.35% |         407     52.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          773                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |          57     85.07%     85.07% |          10     14.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total           67                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           5     62.50%     62.50% |           3     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            8                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       55609     29.91%     29.91% |      130300     70.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       185909                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB.CALL_BACK |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2835    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB.CALL_BACK::total         2835                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_S.CALL_BACK |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        6757    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_S.CALL_BACK::total         6757                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_SS.Inv |         382     24.13%     24.13% |        1201     75.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_SS.Inv::total         1583                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_SS.CALL_BACK |     2196642     52.05%     52.05% |     2023293     47.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_SS.CALL_BACK::total      4219935                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_EE.Fwd_GETS |         141    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_EE.Fwd_GETS::total          141                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_EE.CALL_BACK |      907384     48.43%     48.43% |      966132     51.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_EE.CALL_BACK::total      1873516                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_MM.Fwd_GETX |        1579     61.27%     61.27% |         998     38.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_MM.Fwd_GETX::total         2577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_MM.Fwd_GETS |         547     44.08%     44.08% |         694     55.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_MM.Fwd_GETS::total         1241                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_MM.CALL_BACK |     1609843     50.95%     50.95% |     1549986     49.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_MM.CALL_BACK::total      3159829                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |      123586     49.63%     49.63% |      125426     50.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       249012                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       91808     55.97%     55.97% |       72219     44.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       164027                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       27195     50.66%     50.66% |       26487     49.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total        53682                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         340     49.93%     49.93% |         341     50.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       98974     53.24%     53.24% |       86935     46.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       185909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        1439     51.06%     51.06% |        1379     48.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total         2818                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        1768     51.47%     51.47% |        1667     48.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total         3435                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       34022     50.16%     50.16% |       33800     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total        67822                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |        4620     51.05%     51.05% |        4430     48.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total         9050                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         358     51.44%     51.44% |         338     48.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          696                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         399     51.09%     51.09% |         382     48.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          781                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         136     55.74%     55.74% |         108     44.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total          244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         586     52.00%     52.00% |         541     48.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         1127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         742     50.86%     50.86% |         717     49.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         1459                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      100348     53.22%     53.22% |       88194     46.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       188542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |        2826     50.52%     50.52% |        2768     49.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         5594                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        9582     49.89%     49.89% |        9625     50.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        19207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       13390     50.73%     50.73% |       13006     49.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        26396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       11050     49.73%     49.73% |       11169     50.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total        22219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |      113982     49.61%     49.61% |      115780     50.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       229762                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |       18231     64.27%     64.27% |       10134     35.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        28365                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          57     60.64%     60.64% |          37     39.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           94                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         340     49.93%     49.93% |         341     50.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          681                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |         586     52.00%     52.00% |         541     48.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         1127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |          22     51.16%     51.16% |          21     48.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           43                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       59423     55.13%     55.13% |       48360     44.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       107783                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       15954     51.18%     51.18% |       15217     48.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        31171                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        1439     51.06%     51.06% |        1379     48.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total         2818                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        1182     51.21%     51.21% |        1126     48.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total         2308                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |        1398     50.31%     50.31% |        1381     49.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         2779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         742     50.86%     50.86% |         717     49.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         1459                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         134     67.68%     67.68% |          64     32.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          198                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       98974     53.24%     53.24% |       86935     46.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       185909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          15     83.33%     83.33% |           3     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |        4620     51.05%     51.05% |        4430     48.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total         9050                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |        1398     50.31%     50.31% |        1381     49.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         2779                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          15     83.33%     83.33% |           3     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          15     83.33%     83.33% |           3     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         136     55.74%     55.74% |         108     44.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total          244                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |         586     52.00%     52.00% |         541     48.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         1127                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       13390     50.73%     50.73% |       13006     49.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        26396                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        9582     49.89%     49.89% |        9625     50.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        19207                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       11050     49.73%     49.73% |       11169     50.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total        22219                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |           5     83.33%     83.33% |           1     16.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         397     51.23%     51.23% |         378     48.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          775                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |          17     94.44%     94.44% |           1      5.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       99951     53.23%     53.23% |       87816     46.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       187767                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         342     50.59%     50.59% |         334     49.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total          676                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         399     51.15%     51.15% |         381     48.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          780                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         741     50.89%     50.89% |         715     49.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         1456                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
