
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000167                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   167237000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2508531389500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  55849                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   103942                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               30862481                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3047664                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     5.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                      302634                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                        563236                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       113856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total            113856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         1779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total               1779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    680806281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            680806281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    680806281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           680806281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples      1779.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000606250                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState               3442                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                       1779                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                     1779                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                113856                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                 113856                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0              129                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2               82                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3              140                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4              102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7              157                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8              106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9               83                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10             164                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12             102                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13             107                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14              54                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             116                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                    167172500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                 1779                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                   1160                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                    441                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    130                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                     29                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples          867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   129.181084                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    96.344369                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   147.080497                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127          558     64.36%     64.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255          211     24.34%     88.70% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383           44      5.07%     93.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511           20      2.31%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639           13      1.50%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767            7      0.81%     98.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895            5      0.58%     98.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.23%     99.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            7      0.81%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total          867                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       113856                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 680806280.906737089157                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         1779                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     72953734                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     41008.28                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                    39597484                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat               72953734                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                   8895000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    22258.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               41008.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      680.81                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   680.81                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        5.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    5.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                     902                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                50.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     93969.93                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   50.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                 3312960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                 1741905                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                6597360                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        12907440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy            15903000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy              271680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy       58760160                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy        1069440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy             100563945                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           601.325933                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime           131395750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       123500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF      5460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      2781250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     30020500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    128851750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                 2948820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                 1548360                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                6104700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        12907440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy            15901860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy              271200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy       57647520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy        1921440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy              99251340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           593.477161                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime           131394502                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       348500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF      5460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      5000250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     30003748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    126424502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       113024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total            113024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         1766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total               1766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1    675831305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            675831305                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1    675831305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           675831305                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl1::samples      1766.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000606500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState               3436                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                       1766                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                     1766                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                113024                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                 113024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0              125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1              141                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2               88                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3              142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4              117                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5               76                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6               96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7              154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8               94                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9               81                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             158                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             123                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12             106                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13              95                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14              58                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             112                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                    167182000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                 1766                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                   1134                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                    476                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    118                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples          877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   125.810718                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    94.022635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   145.970866                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127          587     66.93%     66.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255          194     22.12%     89.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383           50      5.70%     94.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511           13      1.48%     96.24% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639           14      1.60%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767            6      0.68%     98.52% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      0.34%     98.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            2      0.23%     99.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            8      0.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total          877                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       113024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 675831305.273354530334                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         1766                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     73365491                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     41543.31                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                    40252991                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat               73365491                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                   8830000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    22793.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               41543.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      675.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   675.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        5.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    5.28                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.41                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                     878                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                49.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     94667.04                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   49.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                 3484320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                 1829190                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                6704460                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        12907440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy            16335060                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy              275520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy       56769720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy        2349600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy             100655310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           601.872253                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime           130296501                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE       179500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF      5460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      6117000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT     31000749                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    124479751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                 2856000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                 1499025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                5904780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        12907440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy            15073080                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy              275520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy       57574560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy        2762880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy              98853285                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           591.096976                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime           133422250                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE       123500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF      5460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN      7190500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT     28210500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN    126252500                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF     167237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF     167237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                               0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                            0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                           0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                         0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 16                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 159                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                  20196                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  2.815310                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 9.339534                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |       18835     93.26%     93.26% |         854      4.23%     97.49% |         245      1.21%     98.70% |         158      0.78%     99.49% |          86      0.43%     99.91% |          12      0.06%     99.97% |           5      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                    20196                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples       211835                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.562060                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.400988                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.843171                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |      126239     59.59%     59.59% |       79377     37.47%     97.06% |        5259      2.48%     99.55% |         823      0.39%     99.94% |         134      0.06%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total       211835                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples         211833                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          3.837872                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.121916                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        21.742698                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |      209447     98.87%     98.87% |        2322      1.10%     99.97% |          18      0.01%     99.98% |           4      0.00%     99.98% |          18      0.01%     99.99% |          24      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total           211833                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       206082                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.000160                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000111                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.012653                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      206049     99.98%     99.98% |          33      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       206082                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         5751                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   105.524778                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    68.947728                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    82.373827                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |        3365     58.51%     58.51% |        2322     40.38%     98.89% |          18      0.31%     99.20% |           4      0.07%     99.27% |          18      0.31%     99.58% |          24      0.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         5751                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.005319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4039.917901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.005319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.798191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.007506                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.799685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.005280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4037.690523                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.005277                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.798191                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.007453                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.799685                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequesth.avg_buf_msgs     0.302158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequesth.avg_stall_time  3495.572152                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequestm.avg_buf_msgs     0.008022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequestm.avg_stall_time  3500.056806                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.delayRequest.avg_buf_msgs     0.306786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.delayRequest.avg_stall_time  4103.425079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.missRequest.avg_buf_msgs     0.003393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.missRequest.avg_stall_time  4008.887088                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffrequesth.avg_buf_msgs     0.190933                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffrequesth.avg_stall_time  3490.021646                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffrequestm.avg_buf_msgs     0.008258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffrequestm.avg_stall_time  3501.618960                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.delayRequest.avg_buf_msgs     0.192807                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.delayRequest.avg_stall_time  4101.837511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.missRequest.avg_buf_msgs     0.006377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.missRequest.avg_stall_time  4018.285427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits        78402                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses          750                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        79152                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits        48435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses         2075                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses        50510                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.delayhToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.302173                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.delayhToBuff.avg_stall_time   498.721874                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.delaymToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.008022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.delaymToBuff.avg_stall_time   499.995515                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.396217                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.040362                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls            1                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.missToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.006787                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.missToBuff.avg_stall_time   999.551535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.018596                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.988041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.613599                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToBuff.avg_stall_time   997.440758                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3300.772259                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000448                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   943.071809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.009304                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3526.280069                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load         1042                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store           35                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          406                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load         9591                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.777262                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           285                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits        48187                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses         1635                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses        49822                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits        31058                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses         1292                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses        32350                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.delayhToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.190936                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.delayhToBuff.avg_stall_time   497.962472                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.delaymToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.008258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.delaymToBuff.avg_stall_time   499.995515                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.249575                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.490322                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls            2                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.missToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.012760                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.missToBuff.avg_stall_time   999.551535                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.023966                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.988041                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.385620                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToBuff.avg_stall_time   995.921955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3158.856894                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000120                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   902.524562                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.011983                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3572.443598                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load          458                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store           50                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store          285                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load        28014                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.004790                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.777262                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           285                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010620                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.964123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   471.547863                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5555.726295                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits         1109                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses         1798                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses         2907                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.787726                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3566.896081                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003537                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3582.024312                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010578                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.964123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   468.744955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010482                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5473.693014                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits         1052                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses         1793                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses         2845                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010407                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.787726                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3578.565150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003396                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3659.755316                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.306786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3604.724133                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.003393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  3509.130755                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.302158                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  2996.868217                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.008022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  3000.079229                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized    15.508978                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::3       102612                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::4         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::5       101064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::6         2683                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::3       820896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::4         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::5       808512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::6        21464                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.192807                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3603.895967                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.006377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  3518.529093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.190933                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  2992.077112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.008258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  3001.641383                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized     9.959369                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::3        64489                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::4         2133                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::5        63862                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::6         2762                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::3       515912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::4        17064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::5       510896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::6        22096                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.009304                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3026.510282                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2829.242334                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.018689                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  2162.555232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.001321                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  5333.520693                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.002897                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time  1210.922223                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.560815                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  1609.890454                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.003441                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time  1510.075522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers11.avg_buf_msgs     0.308490                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers11.avg_stall_time  1002.022579                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers12.avg_buf_msgs     0.008028                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers12.avg_stall_time  1000.139024                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized    17.812521                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0         2825                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::3       102615                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::4         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::5       101068                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::6         2683                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2897                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1          290                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2          717                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0        22600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::3       820920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::4         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::5       808544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::6        21464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       208584                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2320                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0         5256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.011983                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3072.673810                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2707.600593                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.075432                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  3568.692920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  4153.304875                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.005827                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time  1092.751603                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.458332                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  1612.099893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.006521                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time  1519.473860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers11.avg_buf_msgs     0.196518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers11.avg_stall_time  1000.269079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers12.avg_buf_msgs     0.008282                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers12.avg_stall_time  1001.701179                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized    12.810712                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0         2927                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::3        64490                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::4         2134                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::5        63863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::6         2762                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2943                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1085                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1602                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          619                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          462                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0        23416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::3       515920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::4        17072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::5       510904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::6        22096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       211896                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         8680                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        44568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.010799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5055.751708                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.005376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3067.115829                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.003537                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3082.264989                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.005752                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1543.134892                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.011804                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1016.434760                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   943.092737                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     3.897463                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0         4683                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4680                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1          708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1183                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          340                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          365                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0        37464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       336960                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5664                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        24480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.010482                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4973.718427                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.005358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3078.784898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.003396                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3159.995993                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.005567                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1536.086512                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.011400                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1015.152149                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   937.486920                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     3.843348                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0         4614                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1         4612                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1          661                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          309                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0        36912                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       332064                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        25344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2472                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.005319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3539.955273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.005319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time   999.593391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     1.329700                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0         1779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0        14232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       128088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.005280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3537.727895                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.005277                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time   999.593391                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     1.319310                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0         1766                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1765                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0        14128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       127080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_buf_msgs     0.009298                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_stall_time  2662.541778                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000224                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers015.avg_stall_time  5805.037164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.002144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_stall_time  1710.693506                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_buf_msgs     0.306792                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_stall_time  2108.603359                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers018.avg_buf_msgs     0.003393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers018.avg_stall_time  2009.843814                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers019.avg_buf_msgs     0.302167                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers019.avg_stall_time  1500.738473                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_buf_msgs     0.008022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_stall_time  1500.128560                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers021.avg_buf_msgs     0.011983                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers021.avg_stall_time  4068.679466                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000060                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_stall_time  4604.559681                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_buf_msgs     0.004790                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_stall_time  1592.522886                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.192810                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  2110.053397                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.006380                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2019.242153                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.190936                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time  1498.225572                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.008258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  1501.690714                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.005310                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2043.109479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.010733                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time  1516.216507                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000075                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  1414.634621                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.005289                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2036.061099                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.010407                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  1514.933896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1406.225896                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.005319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1499.385602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.005277                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers050.avg_stall_time  1499.385602                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.306786                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_stall_time  3106.020198                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_buf_msgs     0.003393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_stall_time  3009.371431                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.302161                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_stall_time  2498.161292                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.008022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  2500.098662                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.192807                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time  3105.951434                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.006377                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_stall_time  3018.769770                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_buf_msgs     0.190933                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_stall_time  2494.129589                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers083.avg_buf_msgs     0.008258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers083.avg_stall_time  2501.660817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers085.avg_buf_msgs     0.009304                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers085.avg_stall_time  2526.737504                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers086.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers086.avg_stall_time  2357.709419                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers092.avg_buf_msgs     0.011983                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers092.avg_stall_time  2572.901032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  2256.341302                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers098.avg_buf_msgs     0.010799                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers098.avg_stall_time  4555.774132                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_buf_msgs     0.005376                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_stall_time  2567.332587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_buf_msgs     0.003537                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_stall_time  2582.502675                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.010482                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  4473.740850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.005358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  2579.001656                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.003396                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time  2660.233679                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.005319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  3039.989655                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.005280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  3037.762277                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.306789                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2607.313273                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.003393                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time  2509.609118                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.302164                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  1999.451377                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.008022                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  2000.115106                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.192807                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers010.avg_stall_time  2608.003910                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.006380                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  2519.007456                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.190936                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  1996.179075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers013.avg_buf_msgs     0.008258                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers013.avg_stall_time  2001.677260                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.009797                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers015.avg_stall_time  2026.961737                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000114                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers016.avg_stall_time  1886.173515                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.016949                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers022.avg_stall_time  2073.125265                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000033                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers023.avg_stall_time  1805.079021                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.011403                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  4055.793565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.005576                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time  2067.546356                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.003537                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2082.737372                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.011050                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  3973.760283                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.005594                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  2079.215424                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.003396                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2160.468376                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.005319                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  2540.021048                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.005280                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  2537.793670                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     6.648140                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0         9297                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::3       167102                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::4         3269                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::5       164929                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::6         5445                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2           49                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1         9338                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1372                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2         2319                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          692                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          674                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0        74376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::3      1336816                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::4        26152                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::5      1319432                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::6        43560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          392                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       672336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        10976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        18552                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        49824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5392                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         1050126                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control          147                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data        28014                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control        11073                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data         2076                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control         2022                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control          8401008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control         1176                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data      2017008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control        88584                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data       149472                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control        16176                      
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.lookups          80631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condPredicted        80631                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condIncorrect        10101                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBLookups        66169                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.usedRAS          10152                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.RASInCorrect         2147                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectLookups        66169                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectHits        15126                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectMisses        51043                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         6778                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdAccesses              63440                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrAccesses              31148                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdMisses                 1341                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrMisses                  222                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrAccesses              52147                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrMisses                 1091                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    167237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                  334474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.icacheStallCycles        86617                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Insts                431227                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Branches              80631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.predictedBranches        25278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Cycles               157788                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.SquashCycles          21872                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.TlbCycles              5223                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3846                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         9489                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           13                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         3628                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.CacheLines            50597                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheSquashes         3110                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.ItlbSquashes             95                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::samples       277540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::mean     3.032266                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.627041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::0          150898     54.37%     54.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::1            4725      1.70%     56.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::2            6376      2.30%     58.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::3            8083      2.91%     61.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::4            5651      2.04%     63.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::5            6681      2.41%     65.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::6            6031      2.17%     67.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::7            5106      1.84%     69.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::8           83989     30.26%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::total       277540                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.branchRate         0.241068                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rate               1.289269                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.IdleCycles           88144                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.BlockedCycles        69821                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus0.decode.RunCycles            97246                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus0.decode.UnblockCycles        11387                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.decode.SquashCycles         10936                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.decode.DecodedInsts        768934                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SquashCycles         10936                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IdleCycles           96264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus0.rename.BlockCycles          42514                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializeStallCycles        11533                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RunCycles            99670                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UnblockCycles        16617                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedInsts        722457                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus0.rename.ROBFullEvents          106                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IQFullEvents          7456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.LQFullEvents            19                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SQFullEvents          7199                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedOperands       883027                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenameLookups      1790631                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus0.rename.int_rename_lookups      1158485                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        26381                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.CommittedMaps       471540                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UndoneMaps          411447                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializingInsts          577                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.tempSerializingInsts          571                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.skidInsts            30961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedLoads        73642                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedStores        40904                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3734                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingStores         3382                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsAdded            635055                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         1546                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsIssued           533208                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         5279                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       273725                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       415116                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          899                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       277540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.921193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.418412                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       139465     50.25%     50.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        21381      7.70%     57.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        21135      7.62%     65.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        23910      8.61%     74.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        19841      7.15%     81.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        16226      5.85%     87.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18011      6.49%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11301      4.07%     97.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         6270      2.26%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       277540                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          10357     88.63%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     88.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu           222      1.90%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     90.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemRead           566      4.84%     95.37% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          249      2.13%     97.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead          267      2.28%     99.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite           25      0.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass         5712      1.07%      1.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       409941     76.88%     77.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult          688      0.13%     78.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         5066      0.95%     79.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd          297      0.06%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd          370      0.07%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu         2701      0.51%     79.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt         2955      0.55%     80.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc         3983      0.75%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift           89      0.02%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        61482     11.53%     92.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        32731      6.14%     98.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead         6681      1.25%     99.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite          512      0.10%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::total        533208                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.rate                  1.594169                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_cnt              11686                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.021916                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      1324572                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       890170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       479739                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads        36346                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes        20272                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses        14221                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_alu_accesses        520858                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_alu_accesses          18324                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3916                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36862                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          119                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          124                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        15616                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            4                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        10287                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewSquashCycles         10936                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewBlockCycles          37022                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1432                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       636601                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1014                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        73642                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40904                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          996                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIQFullEvents            75                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         1334                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          124                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         3044                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10526                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.branchMispredicts        13570                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecutedInsts       511159                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        62127                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20498                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_refs               93068                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_branches           42374                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_stores             30941                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_rate            1.528247                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_sent                498162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_count               493960                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_producers           361322                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_consumers           641129                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_rate              1.476826                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_fanout            0.563571                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273762                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          647                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branchMispredicts        10771                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       233919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.551157                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.440730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       132589     56.68%     56.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        26002     11.12%     67.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        19567      8.36%     76.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        18945      8.10%     84.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         8439      3.61%     87.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3816      1.63%     89.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2982      1.27%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         2486      1.06%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        19093      8.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       233919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedInsts       197319                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedOps        362845                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.refs                 62059                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.loads                36775                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.membars                166                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branches             32053                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.fp_insts             12862                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.int_insts           352759                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.function_calls         3739                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass         2150      0.59%      0.59% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       283690     78.18%     78.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult          639      0.18%     78.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv         4794      1.32%     80.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          217      0.06%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd          266      0.07%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu         2439      0.67%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     81.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt         2642      0.73%     81.81% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc         3914      1.08%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift           35      0.01%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     82.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        34025      9.38%     92.27% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        24902      6.86%     99.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead         2750      0.76%     99.89% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite          382      0.11%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::total       362845                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.bw_lim_events        19093                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_reads              851346                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_writes            1317616                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus0.timesIdled                    735                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus0.idleCycles                  56934                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts             197319                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps               362845                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.cpi                      1.695093                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus0.cpi_total                1.695093                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.ipc                      0.589938                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus0.ipc_total                0.589938                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_reads          780316                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_writes         418207                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_reads            21706                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_writes           11469                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_reads           223619                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_writes          185731                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_reads         186935                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_writes           399                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.lookups          44078                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condPredicted        44078                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condIncorrect         4023                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBLookups        35315                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.usedRAS           5703                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.RASInCorrect          869                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectLookups        35315                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectHits        10848                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectMisses        24467                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         2693                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdAccesses              66536                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrAccesses              17226                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdMisses                  716                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrMisses                  155                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrAccesses              32757                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrMisses                  279                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF    167237000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                  334474                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.icacheStallCycles        62890                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Insts                224785                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Branches              44078                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.predictedBranches        16551                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Cycles               174801                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.SquashCycles           9244                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.TlbCycles              2456                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4858                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         2091                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            2                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         4522                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.CacheLines            32463                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheSquashes         1413                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.ItlbSquashes             30                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::samples       256242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::mean     1.727547                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.064064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::0          185909     72.55%     72.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::1            4135      1.61%     74.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::2            3869      1.51%     75.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::3            4943      1.93%     77.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::4            3762      1.47%     79.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::5            3904      1.52%     80.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::6            5939      2.32%     82.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::7            4482      1.75%     84.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::8           39299     15.34%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::total       256242                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.branchRate         0.131783                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rate               0.672055                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.IdleCycles           61414                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.BlockedCycles       134141                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus1.decode.RunCycles            45314                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus1.decode.UnblockCycles        10737                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.decode.SquashCycles          4622                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.decode.DecodedInsts        396175                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SquashCycles          4622                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IdleCycles           66373                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus1.rename.BlockCycles          97610                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializeStallCycles        14618                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RunCycles            50094                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UnblockCycles        22911                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedInsts        375823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus1.rename.ROBFullEvents          552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IQFullEvents         20553                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.LQFullEvents           176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SQFullEvents           140                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedOperands       410800                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenameLookups       961611                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus1.rename.int_rename_lookups       587256                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.fp_rename_lookups          487                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.CommittedMaps       224079                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UndoneMaps          186707                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializingInsts          474                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.tempSerializingInsts          483                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.skidInsts            50961                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedLoads        51903                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedStores        22924                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingLoads        13543                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingStores         6471                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsAdded            338787                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded         4909                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsIssued           313535                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2241                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143305                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       221158                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1931                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples       256242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.223589                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.993866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0       159041     62.07%     62.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1        24187      9.44%     71.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2        19467      7.60%     79.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        15914      6.21%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        12725      4.97%     90.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5         9319      3.64%     93.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         7899      3.08%     97.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3737      1.46%     98.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3953      1.54%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       256242                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           2728     40.19%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     40.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemRead          3035     44.71%     84.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1014     14.94%     99.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            7      0.10%     99.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite            4      0.06%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass          778      0.25%      0.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       225949     72.07%     72.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult           34      0.01%     72.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv           92      0.03%     72.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            9      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd           13      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     72.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu           30      0.01%     72.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     72.37% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt           32      0.01%     72.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc           37      0.01%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.39% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift           14      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     72.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead        68409     21.82%     94.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        17933      5.72%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead          177      0.06%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite           28      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::total        313535                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.rate                  0.937397                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_cnt               6788                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.021650                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads       891637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes       486991                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       273381                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          704                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          508                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses          220                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_alu_accesses        319191                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_alu_accesses            354                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4323                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        22971                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           48                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          509                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         9155                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            6                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked        27972                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewSquashCycles          4622                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewBlockCycles          72610                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1363                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts       343696                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          425                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts        51903                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        22924                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         1933                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIQFullEvents           415                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           70                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          509                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         1280                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         4021                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.branchMispredicts         5301                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecutedInsts       304748                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts        65863                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts         7922                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_refs               82953                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_branches           24919                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_stores             17090                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_rate            0.911126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_sent                275506                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_count               273601                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_producers           193172                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_consumers           325234                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_rate              0.818004                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_fanout            0.593948                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitSquashedInsts       143330                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls         2978                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branchMispredicts         4147                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples       234014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.856321                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.969726                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0       177148     75.70%     75.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1        17187      7.34%     83.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2         8894      3.80%     86.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3         9919      4.24%     91.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4         4044      1.73%     92.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5         3051      1.30%     94.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         2135      0.91%     95.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         1670      0.71%     95.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8         9966      4.26%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total       234014                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedInsts       105315                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedOps        200391                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.refs                 42701                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.loads                28932                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.membars               1856                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branches             19363                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.fp_insts               126                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.int_insts           195583                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.function_calls         2194                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          165      0.08%      0.08% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu       157333     78.51%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult           27      0.01%     78.61% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv           90      0.04%     78.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd            3      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd            8      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu           10      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt           16      0.01%     78.67% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc           32      0.02%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            6      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     78.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead        28900     14.42%     93.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite        13753      6.86%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead           32      0.02%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite           16      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::total       200391                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.bw_lim_events         9966                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_reads              567736                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_writes             709974                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus1.timesIdled                    821                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus1.idleCycles                  78232                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts             105315                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps               200391                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.cpi                      3.175939                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus1.cpi_total                3.175939                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.ipc                      0.314868                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus1.ipc_total                0.314868                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_reads          460137                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_writes         226373                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_reads              310                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_writes             238                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_reads           148587                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_writes           72375                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_reads         140436                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_writes           216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2508531389500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization    31.017957                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::3       102612                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::4         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::5       101064                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::6         2683                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::3       820896                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::4         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::5       808512                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::6        21464                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization    19.918738                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::3        64489                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::4         2133                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::5        63862                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::6         2762                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::3       515912                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::4        17064                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::5       510896                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::6        22096                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     3.846936                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2823                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          289                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       203256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2312                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization    31.778105                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         2825                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::3       102615                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::5       101068                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::6         2683                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           74                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1            1                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2          717                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0           73                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          212                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        22600                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::3       820920                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::5       808544                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::6        21464                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         5328                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1            8                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         5736                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0         5256                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         1696                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     4.098824                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2925                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1083                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       210600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         8664                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization    21.522600                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         2927                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::3        64490                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4         2134                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::5        63863                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::6         2762                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1           18                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1602                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          619                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          462                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        23416                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::3       515920                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4        17072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::5       510904                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::6        22096                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1296                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1           16                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2        12816                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        44568                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         3696                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     3.542428                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         2907                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1798                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1183                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          340                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          365                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        23256                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       129456                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        24480                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     4.252498                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         1776                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           25                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2882                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          708                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        14208                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          200                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       207504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5664                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     3.525835                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         2845                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1792                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          309                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        22760                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       129024                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9088                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        25344                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2472                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     4.160862                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0         1769                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2           24                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2820                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          661                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0        14152                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          192                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       203040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.265940                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        14232                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     2.393460                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1779                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       128088                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.263997                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0         1766                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0        14128                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     2.374624                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1765                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       127080                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization    31.018405                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::3       102613                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::4         1135                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::5       101066                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::6         2683                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::3       820904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::4         9080                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::5       808528                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::6        21464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization    19.919037                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::3        64489                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4         2134                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::5        63863                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::6         2762                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::3       515912                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4        17072                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::5       510904                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::6        22096                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     3.846936                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2           38                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2823                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1          289                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2          304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       203256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2312                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     4.098824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2925                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1         1083                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       210600                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         8664                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     3.542428                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0         2907                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1798                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1183                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          340                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          365                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0        23256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       129456                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        24480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     3.525835                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0         2845                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1792                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2         1136                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0          352                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          309                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0        22760                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       129024                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2         9088                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0        25344                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         2472                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.265940                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0         1779                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0        14232                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.263997                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0         1766                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0        14128                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples          9437                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         5.373318                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       12.826994                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |        8178     86.66%     86.66% |         774      8.20%     94.86% |         224      2.37%     97.23% |         157      1.66%     98.90% |          86      0.91%     99.81% |          12      0.13%     99.94% |           5      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total            9437                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples         10710                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.574230                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.948439                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |       10389     97.00%     97.00% |         219      2.04%     99.05% |          53      0.49%     99.54% |          27      0.25%     99.79% |          16      0.15%     99.94% |           5      0.05%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total           10710                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples            49                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |          49    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total              49                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples        87519                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       3.806933                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.111957                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     22.079006                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |       86335     98.65%     98.65% |        1156      1.32%     99.97% |           7      0.01%     99.98% |           2      0.00%     99.98% |           9      0.01%     99.99% |          10      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total         87519                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        85441                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000211                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000146                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.014513                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       85423     99.98%     99.98% |          18      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        85441                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2078                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   119.210780                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    86.792853                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.020418                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |         894     43.02%     43.02% |        1156     55.63%     98.65% |           7      0.34%     98.99% |           2      0.10%     99.09% |           9      0.43%     99.52% |          10      0.48%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2078                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples        38042                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.901609                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.030823                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     12.442815                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |       37824     99.43%     99.43% |          76      0.20%     99.63% |         127      0.33%     99.96% |          10      0.03%     99.99% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total         38042                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        37807                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000397                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000275                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.019915                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       37792     99.96%     99.96% |          15      0.04%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        37807                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples          235                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   146.889362                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   130.336238                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.664659                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |          17      7.23%      7.23% |          76     32.34%     39.57% |         127     54.04%     93.62% |          10      4.26%     97.87% |           2      0.85%     98.72% |           0      0.00%     98.72% |           1      0.43%     99.15% |           0      0.00%     99.15% |           1      0.43%     99.57% |           1      0.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total          235                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples        82859                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     4.759724                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.178246                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    24.514012                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |       81850     98.78%     98.78% |         979      1.18%     99.96% |           8      0.01%     99.97% |           1      0.00%     99.97% |           7      0.01%     99.98% |          14      0.02%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total        82859                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        79493                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       79493    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        79493                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         3366                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    93.551099                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    56.698911                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    81.098529                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2357     70.02%     70.02% |         979     29.08%     99.11% |           8      0.24%     99.35% |           1      0.03%     99.38% |           7      0.21%     99.58% |          14      0.42%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         3366                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         1391                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.703810                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.096903                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.660670                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |        1368     98.35%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |           0      0.00%     98.35% |           1      0.07%     98.42% |          10      0.72%     99.14% |          11      0.79%     99.93% |           1      0.07%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         1391                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1364                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1364    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         1364                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           32                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          319                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           27                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   140.296296                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   117.330587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.336603                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |           4     14.81%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           0      0.00%     14.81% |           1      3.70%     18.52% |          10     37.04%     55.56% |          11     40.74%     96.30% |           1      3.70%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           27                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples         1011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     6.843719                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.226692                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    31.040939                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |         977     96.64%     96.64% |           5      0.49%     97.13% |          27      2.67%     99.80% |           1      0.10%     99.90% |           0      0.00%     99.90% |           1      0.10%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total         1011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples          966                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         966    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total          966                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size           64                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket          639                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples           45                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   132.288889                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    98.535640                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.620628                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |          11     24.44%     24.44% |           5     11.11%     35.56% |          27     60.00%     95.56% |           1      2.22%     97.78% |           0      0.00%     97.78% |           1      2.22%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total           45                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples         1011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1011    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total         1011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples         1011                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        1011    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total         1011                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |        1779     50.18%     50.18% |        1766     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total         3545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |        1779     50.18%     50.18% |        1766     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total         3545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |        1779     50.18%     50.18% |        1766     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total         3545                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |        1779     50.18%     50.18% |        1766     49.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total         3545                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NoNeed_Delay_hit |      102612     61.41%     61.41% |       64489     38.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NoNeed_Delay_hit::total       167101                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Record_IssueTime_h |      101064     61.28%     61.28% |       63862     38.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Record_IssueTime_h::total       164926                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Record_IssueTime_m |        2683     49.27%     49.27% |        2762     50.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Record_IssueTime_m::total         5445                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Add_Histo |        1135     34.73%     34.73% |        2133     65.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Add_Histo::total         3268                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.NoNeed_Delay_hit |      102612     61.41%     61.41% |       64489     38.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.NoNeed_Delay_hit::total       167101                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Record_IssueTime_h |      101064     61.28%     61.28% |       63862     38.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Record_IssueTime_h::total       164926                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Record_IssueTime_m |        2683     49.27%     49.27% |        2762     50.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Record_IssueTime_m::total         5445                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Add_Histo |        1135     34.73%     34.73% |        2133     65.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Add_Histo::total         3268                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |       53243     60.84%     60.84% |       34277     39.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total        87520                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |       50510     60.96%     60.96% |       32351     39.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total        82861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |       25910     62.50%     62.50% |       15546     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total        41456                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |        1902     50.00%     50.00% |        1902     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total         3804                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |          37     80.43%     80.43% |           9     19.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |         206     34.22%     34.22% |         396     65.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total          602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |           9     19.57%     19.57% |          37     80.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |        1473     80.45%     80.45% |         358     19.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total         1831                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_M |         360     26.39%     26.39% |        1004     73.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_M::total         1364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_M |         775     40.68%     40.68% |        1130     59.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_M::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |         285     20.86%     20.86% |        1081     79.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total         1366                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |         607     29.22%     29.22% |        1470     70.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total         2077                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |        2075     61.63%     61.63% |        1292     38.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total         3367                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |         140     46.05%     46.05% |         164     53.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total          304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |        1130     44.63%     44.63% |        1402     55.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total         2532                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |       48435     60.93%     60.93% |       31058     39.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total        79493                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |        1617     66.32%     66.32% |         821     33.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total         2438                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |       19177     63.48%     63.48% |       11034     36.52%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total        30211                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |          92     11.53%     11.53% |         706     88.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total          798                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |         212     31.45%     31.45% |         462     68.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total          674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |          36     81.82%     81.82% |           8     18.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total           44                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |       32328     61.35%     61.35% |       20370     38.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total        52698                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |       25675     63.63%     63.63% |       14675     36.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total        40350                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |          73     10.55%     10.55% |         619     89.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total          692                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |         206     34.22%     34.22% |         396     65.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total          602                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |           9     19.57%     19.57% |          37     80.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |        1333     87.30%     87.30% |         194     12.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total         1527                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_M |         360     26.39%     26.39% |        1004     73.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_M::total         1364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_M |         775     40.68%     40.68% |        1130     59.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_M::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |         140     46.05%     46.05% |         164     53.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total          304                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |         285     20.86%     20.86% |        1081     79.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total         1366                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |        1681     49.93%     49.93% |        1686     50.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total         3367                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |        1074     51.68%     51.68% |        1004     48.32%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total         2078                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |         149     49.01%     49.01% |         155     50.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total          304                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |         705     51.61%     51.61% |         661     48.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total         1366                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |        1776     50.11%     50.11% |        1768     49.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total         3544                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |          20     45.45%     45.45% |          24     54.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total           44                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |          22     47.83%     47.83% |          24     52.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |        1161     51.08%     51.08% |        1112     48.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2273                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |         951     49.90%     49.90% |         955     50.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total         1906                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |         688     50.44%     50.44% |         676     49.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total         1364                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |         137     49.82%     49.82% |         138     50.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total          275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |         729     49.93%     49.93% |         731     50.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total         1460                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |          43     65.15%     65.15% |          23     34.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total           66                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |         321     53.32%     53.32% |         281     46.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total          602                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |          12     41.38%     41.38% |          17     58.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total           29                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |          22     47.83%     47.83% |          24     52.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total           46                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |         705     51.61%     51.61% |         661     48.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total         1366                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |         688     50.44%     50.44% |         676     49.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total         1364                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |         951     49.92%     49.92% |         954     50.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total         1905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |         137     49.82%     49.82% |         138     50.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total          275                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |           3    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        1158     51.01%     51.01% |        1112     48.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2270                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |          15     45.45%     45.45% |          18     54.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           6     50.00%     50.00% |           6     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total           12                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           5     45.45%     45.45% |           6     54.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total           11                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |          16     47.06%     47.06% |          18     52.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total           34                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
