
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.059286                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59285583000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2424276388000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  98102                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   249080                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               52439541                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3586492                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  1130.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   110909211                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     281597207                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.data           16                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.data           24                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      1368896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1369072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total          136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu1.data           16                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         3072                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total           3088                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        21389                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              21411                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0           48                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total                50                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            1080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.data             270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            1214                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.data             405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     23089863                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             23092832                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         1080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst         1214                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total            2294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu1.data            270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        51817                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total               52087                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           1080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.data            270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           1214                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.data            675                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     23141680                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            23144919                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples     21383.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000001099750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState              43401                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      21389                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                        48                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    21389                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                      48                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1367168                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   1728                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1368896                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                3072                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    27                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                   27                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1445                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1483                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1383                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1355                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             991                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1587                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1315                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1266                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             994                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  51350779000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                21389                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                  48                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  17242                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   3318                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    649                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    113                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         7198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   189.937205                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   117.820894                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   246.239407                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4111     57.11%     57.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1604     22.28%     79.40% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          536      7.45%     86.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          214      2.97%     89.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          151      2.10%     91.91% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           87      1.21%     93.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           67      0.93%     94.05% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           70      0.97%     95.03% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          358      4.97%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         7198                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      1367168                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 23060716.127224385738                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        21389                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0           48                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    873655469                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     40846.02                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   473117969                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              873655469                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 106810000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    22147.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               40897.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       23.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    23.09                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.05                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.18                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.06                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     14.40                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   14164                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                66.30                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                   2395427.49                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   66.24                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                27231960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                14474130                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               80781960                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        383535360.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           229225500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            17782560                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1467303120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      431734080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy     13104913440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy           15757027620                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           265.781777                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         50241580000                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28517501                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    162240000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  54394319750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1124362000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    358350499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   3217782250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                24161760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                12842280                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               71742720                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        360793680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           207603690                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            17437920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1352969100                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy      436119360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy     13175065920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy           15658852290                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           264.125804                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         50858578003                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28539500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    152620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  54681859000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1135746750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    319747497                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2967059253                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.data           16                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     54078976                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          54078992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total           2560                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       844984                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             844986                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1           40                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total                40                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.data             270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1    912177519                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            912177789                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        43181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total               43181                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.data            270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1    912220700                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           912220969                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl1::samples    844969.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000001138500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState            1697449                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     844985                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                        40                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   844985                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                      40                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              54077248                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   1792                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               54079040                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                2560                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    28                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                   28                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0           825068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1449                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1508                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1452                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1384                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1330                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            1182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             967                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1593                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1304                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  59285547500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               844985                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                  40                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 840181                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   3926                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    721                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    104                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     14                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        62114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   870.609782                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   737.671357                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   305.481160                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4119      6.63%      6.63% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1604      2.58%      9.21% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          529      0.85%     10.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          245      0.39%     10.46% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6975     11.23%     21.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           94      0.15%     21.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           67      0.11%     21.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           73      0.12%     22.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        48408     77.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        62114                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     54077248                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 912148371.721333980560                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       844985                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1           40                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1  23641312971                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     27978.38                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         0.00                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  7798369221                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            23641312971                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                4224785000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                     9229.31                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               27979.31                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      912.15                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   912.18                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.04                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        7.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    7.13                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.01                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     10.71                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                  782842                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                92.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                0.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     70158.34                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   92.65                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy               419660640                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               223051125                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             5961578700                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        4589516880.000001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy         10238719620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy           460447680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    14518441500                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy     1026861600                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy       310299900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy           37748958015                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           636.730822                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         35629853752                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    332517500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1941420000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   1119495250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2672616251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  21381780748                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  31837742251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                23840460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                12671505                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               71414280                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        362637600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           209569050                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            18567840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1351118880                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy      444611040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy     13173355440                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy           15667918065                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           264.278721                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         50850522508                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     31033500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    153400000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  54656292250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   1157858751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    323886992                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2963100507                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                          4                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                          8                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON          11000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   59285572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                              22                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          7                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                           21                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    9                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    12                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           9                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           12                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                 20                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 4                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  18                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 12                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads                  10                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            4                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          4                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                        22                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                                4                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    4     19.05%     19.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        5     23.81%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      1      4.76%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       2      9.52%     57.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       4     19.05%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     1      4.76%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                  4     19.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                        21                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          3                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          2                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          9                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON          11000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   59285572000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                              22                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          7                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                           20                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                   20                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                          20                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                 36                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                14                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads                   1                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes                  4                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            5                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                        22                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                                4                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                       15     75.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       3     15.00%     90.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      2     10.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                        20                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  278                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 278                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 156                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                156                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq               100                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp              100                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           62                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          716                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           14                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           86                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          816                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1068                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio            2                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          124                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           12                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          138                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           28                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          172                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          558                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     1056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy              542500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy               84000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              304000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy              108500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy               54500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy              704500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                128                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                1279                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3663056                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.323289                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 1.928583                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3663050    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3663056                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     67576177                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.315363                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.225535                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.575416                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |    49663225     73.49%     73.49% |    17627161     26.08%     99.58% |      267096      0.40%     99.97% |       17280      0.03%    100.00% |        1320      0.00%    100.00% |          73      0.00%    100.00% |          14      0.00%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     67576177                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       67576175                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.728695                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.077078                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        15.730763                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    67568039     99.99%     99.99% |         356      0.00%     99.99% |        7388      0.01%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |         382      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         67576175                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     66429346                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.000109                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000075                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.010439                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    66422118     99.99%     99.99% |        7224      0.01%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     66429346                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1146829                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   102.855962                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    79.110430                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.201897                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1138693     99.29%     99.29% |         356      0.03%     99.32% |        7388      0.64%     99.97% |           9      0.00%     99.97% |         382      0.03%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1146829                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4072.265373                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000254                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999342                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  3651.269285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.007126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4005.723900                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.007127                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   499.999338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.010458                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.999342                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  3647.981770                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     35178610                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        80088                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     35258698                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits     26196739                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses        47712                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses     26244451                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.520456                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.026587                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           16                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003356                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999781                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3490.421938                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000050                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   997.263154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3997.113067                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load        17016                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         1473                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store         5756                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      8519688                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000623                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.999279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles        100593                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      3452483                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       929853                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      4382336                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      1601514                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        89177                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1690691                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.052517                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.036366                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           35                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.018744                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999781                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3490.610989                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000049                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   997.317409                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.009378                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3543.534079                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load        28858                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         4331                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        10744                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      5800316                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000800                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.999279                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         27777                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.014255                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   498.658738                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.008964                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4065.182496                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls           42                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       137164                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses       846296                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       983460                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cachep.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cachep.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cachep.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.010098                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   537.466474                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3517.736812                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.008008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000358                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999713                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   498.658616                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002102                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4573.095874                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls           30                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       140969                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        22401                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       163370                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cachep.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cachep.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cachep.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.003269                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   982.221584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4439.357592                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3499.999473                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.001684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3497.113813                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2991.790378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.002903                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2069.820883                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000089                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2947.599550                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000623                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.000051                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     0.368444                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       127800                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1859                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       129390                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        73246                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        73884                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        29375                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41799                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1022400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9316080                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       585968                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       591072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2115000                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       334392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.009378                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3043.534821                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2991.952301                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.011454                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1561.361921                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000106                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2341.795011                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000801                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   999.999979                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     2.294177                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0      1019030                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1867                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1020551                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        94294                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        94916                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        49202                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        43044                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8152240                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73479672                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       754352                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       759328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3542544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       344352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.008955                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3565.004607                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.007137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3017.737525                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.008780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.007160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1506.109748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.009299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1041.962419                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   997.317468                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     3.971847                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0      1828595                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1862                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1827857                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        79178                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        81078                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        39754                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        38649                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0     14628760                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    131605704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       633424                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       648624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2862288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       309192                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.002095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4072.937893                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3939.358305                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.000245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000197                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1613.677351                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.002352                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1487.367806                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   997.317358                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     0.508288                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0       184609                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1862                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       183910                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        85750                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        87722                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        38823                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        46194                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0      1476872                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14896                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13241520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       686000                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       701776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2795256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       369552                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3572.265571                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3194.871998                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time   999.999262                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.045207                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0        21389                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21437                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0       171112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1543464                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.007126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3505.724098                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3191.984078                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.007127                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time   999.998667                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     1.781690                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0       844985                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1       845024                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1           80                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0      6759880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60841728                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          640                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001678                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers00.avg_stall_time  2569.820752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000025                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3446.231089                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000623                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers02.avg_stall_time  1499.999313                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.009372                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2061.361790                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000024                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2840.453677                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000800                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1499.999241                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.007128                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers06.avg_stall_time  2006.109584                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.008946                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1541.961711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers08.avg_stall_time  1495.976189                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000179                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers09.avg_stall_time  2113.677186                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.002085                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers10.avg_stall_time  1987.367093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers11.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers11.avg_stall_time  1495.975957                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers13.avg_buf_msgs     0.000181                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers13.avg_stall_time  1499.998583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers16.avg_buf_msgs     0.007127                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers16.avg_stall_time  1499.997989                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers25.avg_buf_msgs     0.001684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers25.avg_stall_time  2997.114551                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers26.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers26.avg_stall_time  2493.158809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers28.avg_buf_msgs     0.009378                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers28.avg_stall_time  2543.535555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers29.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers29.avg_stall_time  2493.293606                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers30.avg_buf_msgs     0.008955                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers30.avg_stall_time  3065.004763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers31.avg_buf_msgs     0.007137                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers31.avg_stall_time  2517.738229                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers32.avg_buf_msgs     0.000684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers32.avg_stall_time  2500.009543                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers33.avg_buf_msgs     0.002095                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers33.avg_stall_time  3572.938049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers34.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers34.avg_stall_time  3439.359009                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers35.avg_buf_msgs     0.000740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers35.avg_stall_time  2500.001008                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers36.avg_buf_msgs     0.000180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers36.avg_stall_time  3072.265761                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers37.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers37.avg_stall_time  2738.474702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers39.avg_buf_msgs     0.007126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers39.avg_stall_time  3005.724288                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers40.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers40.avg_stall_time  2735.986378                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.001927                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2497.115281                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  1994.527232                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.009866                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2043.536280                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000016                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1994.634901                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.009072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  2565.004910                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.007140                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  2017.738925                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.000684                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time  2000.010298                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.002165                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  3072.938196                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000191                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time  2939.359705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers11.avg_buf_msgs     0.000740                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers11.avg_stall_time  2000.001763                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers12.avg_buf_msgs     0.000180                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers12.avg_stall_time  2572.265942                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers13.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers13.avg_stall_time  2282.077398                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers15.avg_buf_msgs     0.007126                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers15.avg_stall_time  2505.724469                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers16.avg_buf_msgs     0.000001                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers16.avg_stall_time  2279.988669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     1.121209                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::0      2013204                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2         3726                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1      2014090                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       166318                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       168800                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        78577                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        84843                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::0     16105632                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        29808                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1    145014480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1330544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1350400                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5657544                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       678744                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         6039612                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        11176                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      6042259                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      1005354                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       235731                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       254529                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         48316896                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control        89408                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    435042648                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      8042832                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     16972632                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      2036232                      
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.lookups       51043588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condPredicted     51043588                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condIncorrect      3001438                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBLookups     37783357                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.usedRAS        3766573                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.RASInCorrect       101739                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectLookups     37783357                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectHits     20331872                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectMisses     17451485                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPredindirectMispredicted      2248621                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdAccesses           42245398                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrAccesses            3359192                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdMisses                67563                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrMisses                 9312                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrAccesses           26302425                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrMisses                47682                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  59285583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles               118571144                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.icacheStallCycles     28290458                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Insts             194306126                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Branches           51043588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.predictedBranches     24098445                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Cycles             86330649                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.SquashCycles        6046220                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.TlbCycles            181824                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.MiscStallCycles        39243                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       229447                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           23                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        41777                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.CacheLines         26245491                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheSquashes       691880                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.ItlbSquashes          16602                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::samples    118136531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::mean     4.292099                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.571466                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::0        41344958     35.00%     35.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::1         1950884      1.65%     36.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::2         2260828      1.91%     38.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::3         5411995      4.58%     43.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::4         5990001      5.07%     48.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::5         6652441      5.63%     53.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::6         3963153      3.35%     57.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::7         1154144      0.98%     58.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::8        49408127     41.82%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::total    118136531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.branchRate         0.430489                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rate               1.638730                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.IdleCycles        22078588                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.BlockedCycles     27187432                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus0.decode.RunCycles         60380754                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus0.decode.UnblockCycles      5466645                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.decode.SquashCycles       3023110                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.decode.DecodedInsts     471294283                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SquashCycles       3023110                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IdleCycles        25749241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus0.rename.BlockCycles       19992402                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializeStallCycles       268388                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RunCycles         61448236                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UnblockCycles      7655152                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedInsts     454573404                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus0.rename.ROBFullEvents        14936                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IQFullEvents       5413600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.LQFullEvents          8197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SQFullEvents        636206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedOperands    523035001                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenameLookups   1215115418                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus0.rename.int_rename_lookups    601500045                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.fp_rename_lookups    130745788                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.CommittedMaps    306358493                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UndoneMaps       216676433                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializingInsts        15959                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        15984                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.skidInsts         21961136                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedLoads     39145495                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedStores      4385121                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197623                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingStores       115996                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsAdded         423396666                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        60777                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsIssued        365196312                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued      2572440                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined    161780130                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined    261637402                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        30273                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    118136531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     3.091307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.654862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     36554495     30.94%     30.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      7711602      6.53%     37.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      8799248      7.45%     44.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3     10417280      8.82%     53.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4     12782529     10.82%     64.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5     10276850      8.70%     73.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6     20491201     17.35%     90.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      5653806      4.79%     95.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      5449520      4.61%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    118136531                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        8773094     96.07%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            6      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd          5849      0.06%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     96.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu          1272      0.01%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     96.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt         17864      0.20%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            9      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift          611      0.01%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     96.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemRead         58056      0.64%     96.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        14463      0.16%     97.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead       260144      2.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          240      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass     14434279      3.95%      3.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    257494939     70.51%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         4382      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv         6490      0.00%     74.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd      2540432      0.70%     75.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          376      0.00%     75.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd      7494804      2.05%     77.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     77.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu     10017176      2.74%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp          201      0.00%     79.96% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt     14773358      4.05%     84.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc      6889435      1.89%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift      4738847      1.30%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     87.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     17595700      4.82%     92.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3747994      1.03%     93.03% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead     25454818      6.97%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite         3081      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::total     365196312                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.rate                  3.079976                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_cnt            9131608                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.025005                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    714895763                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    473484745                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    285664096                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads    145337435                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes    111756970                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     61343652                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_alu_accesses     287363279                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_alu_accesses       72530362                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads      1599230                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads     16260878                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         4469                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         4480                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1375033                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          192                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      8531711                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewSquashCycles       3023110                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewBlockCycles       19353087                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewUnblockCycles       392898                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    423457443                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       126488                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     39145495                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4385121                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        31258                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIQFullEvents          5722                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       380974                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         4480                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1051719                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      2832980                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.branchMispredicts      3884699                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecutedInsts    358388732                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     41866827                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      6731012                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_refs            45216202                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_branches        31049787                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_stores           3349375                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_rate            3.022563                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_sent             348423428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_count            347007748                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_producers        274618825                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_consumers        576216024                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_rate              2.926578                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_fanout            0.476590                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitSquashedInsts    161777297                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30504                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branchMispredicts      3018273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     95970438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     2.726644                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.960165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     28303189     29.49%     29.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15951198     16.62%     46.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     17775821     18.52%     64.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      8338628      8.69%     73.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3351195      3.49%     76.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1000252      1.04%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1221288      1.27%     79.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       806167      0.84%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     19222700     20.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     95970438                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedOps     261677261                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.refs              25894702                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.loads             22884614                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.membars              14354                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branches          25765442                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.fp_insts          34513048                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.int_insts        233004983                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.function_calls      2280041                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass      7127002      2.72%      2.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    203146192     77.63%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         3372      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv         5851      0.00%     80.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd       199232      0.08%     80.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          368      0.00%     80.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd      4472058      1.71%     82.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     82.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu      5178945      1.98%     84.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp          194      0.00%     84.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt      8949862      3.42%     87.54% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc      4481694      1.71%     89.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     89.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     89.26% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift      2217789      0.85%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     90.10% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     13905926      5.31%     95.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      3007868      1.15%     96.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8978688      3.43%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         2220      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::total    261677261                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.bw_lim_events     19222700                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_reads           500199388                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_writes          869285281                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus0.timesIdled                  12705                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus0.idleCycles                 434613                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts          100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            261677261                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.cpi                      1.185711                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus0.cpi_total                1.185711                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.ipc                      0.843376                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus0.ipc_total                0.843376                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_reads       459898549                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_writes      250247493                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_reads        103590572                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_writes        55443481                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_reads        249743754                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_writes        93113236                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_reads       98146690                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_writes         10234                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.lookups        3964359                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condPredicted      3964359                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condIncorrect       287919                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBLookups      3388962                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.usedRAS         293166                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.RASInCorrect        55516                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectLookups      3388962                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectHits      1074426                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectMisses      2314536                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPredindirectMispredicted       199337                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdAccesses            9200840                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrAccesses            1242403                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdMisses                71191                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrMisses                20184                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrAccesses            1720302                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrMisses                16298                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  59285583000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles               118571144                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2853476                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Insts              18121067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Branches            3964359                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.predictedBranches      1367592                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Cycles            114548077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.SquashCycles         626704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.TlbCycles             65391                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.MiscStallCycles        71488                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       154107                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           71                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        59436                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.CacheLines          1692063                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheSquashes        98283                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.ItlbSquashes           1823                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::samples    118065398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.296506                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.433952                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::0       112601593     95.37%     95.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::1          247168      0.21%     95.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::2          400343      0.34%     95.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::3          221324      0.19%     96.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::4          406251      0.34%     96.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::5          231973      0.20%     96.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::6          465424      0.39%     97.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::7          212773      0.18%     97.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::8         3278549      2.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::total    118065398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.branchRate         0.033434                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rate               0.152829                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.IdleCycles         2942058                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.BlockedCycles    110374150                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus1.decode.RunCycles          2816739                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus1.decode.UnblockCycles      1619095                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.decode.SquashCycles        313352                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.decode.DecodedInsts      32393239                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SquashCycles        313352                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IdleCycles         3528193                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus1.rename.BlockCycles      104941262                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializeStallCycles       635842                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RunCycles          3707140                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UnblockCycles      4939605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedInsts      31023985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus1.rename.ROBFullEvents        13967                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IQFullEvents       3590338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.LQFullEvents         18213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SQFullEvents       1137269                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedOperands     34796441                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenameLookups     84617750                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus1.rename.int_rename_lookups     47573393                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.fp_rename_lookups       371370                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.CommittedMaps     22880202                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UndoneMaps        11916100                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializingInsts        39360                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        39372                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.skidInsts          8134670                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedLoads      4138663                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedStores      1570025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingLoads       540711                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingStores       357321                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsAdded          28522276                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       184554                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsIssued         31061444                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       166792                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8786816                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13489369                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        77483                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    118065398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.263087                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     0.990673                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    107605634     91.14%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      2179616      1.85%     92.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3367064      2.85%     95.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1043016      0.88%     96.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      2021981      1.71%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       872419      0.74%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       477945      0.40%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       280821      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       216902      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    118065398                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         159949     20.96%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            28      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     20.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu           254      0.03%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     21.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            69      0.01%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift           11      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     21.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemRead        547069     71.69%     92.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        52602      6.89%     99.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead         2530      0.33%     99.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          556      0.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       137443      0.44%      0.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     20159264     64.90%     65.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         3500      0.01%     65.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv        16034      0.05%     65.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         7588      0.02%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          212      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd        11026      0.04%     65.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     65.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu        22468      0.07%     65.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     65.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt        25508      0.08%     65.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc        12931      0.04%     65.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     65.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift        10079      0.03%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     65.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      9284338     29.89%     95.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1258554      4.05%     99.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        72366      0.23%     99.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        40133      0.13%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::total      31061444                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.rate                  0.261965                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_cnt             763068                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.024566                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    180700369                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     37170576                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     24166753                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads       417777                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       336516                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       156141                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_alu_accesses      31479458                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_alu_accesses         207611                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       205643                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1377733                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2582                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        13921                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       542796                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          789                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      5824440                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewSquashCycles        313352                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewBlockCycles      101306372                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1409697                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     28706830                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        28291                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      4138663                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1570025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        87747                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIQFullEvents        429585                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       654877                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        13921                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        92194                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       289744                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.branchMispredicts       381938                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecutedInsts     30365365                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      9131139                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       605229                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_refs            10354491                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_branches         2671354                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_stores           1223352                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_rate            0.256094                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_sent              24446136                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_count             24322894                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_producers         17911996                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_consumers         32764857                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_rate              0.205133                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_fanout            0.546683                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8778851                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       107071                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branchMispredicts       298086                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    116694777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.170701                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     0.896784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    110598050     94.78%     94.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2274807      1.95%     96.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       497079      0.43%     97.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       968656      0.83%     97.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       257481      0.22%     98.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       984712      0.84%     99.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       520750      0.45%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        78948      0.07%     99.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       514294      0.44%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    116694777                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedInsts     10909197                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedOps      19919905                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.refs               3788144                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.loads              2760915                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.membars              57208                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branches           2329189                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.fp_insts            103360                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.int_insts         19644494                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.function_calls       110381                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        66531      0.33%      0.33% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     15998786     80.32%     80.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         2718      0.01%     80.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        14232      0.07%     80.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          774      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          192      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd         7286      0.04%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu        11050      0.06%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.83% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt        15758      0.08%     80.91% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc         9602      0.05%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.96% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift         4832      0.02%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      2743621     13.77%     94.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       991401      4.98%     99.73% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        17294      0.09%     99.82% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        35828      0.18%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::total     19919905                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.bw_lim_events       514294                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_reads           144870593                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_writes           58788917                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus1.timesIdled                  20320                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus1.idleCycles                 505746                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts           10909197                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps             19919905                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.cpi                     10.868916                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus1.cpi_total               10.868916                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.ipc                      0.092005                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus1.ipc_total                0.092005                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_reads        47826396                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_writes       20134916                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_reads           231060                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_writes          110838                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_reads         19149557                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_writes         7254337                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_reads       16241226                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_writes         25777                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2424276388000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     0.513853                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1859                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       127127                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        72562                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14872                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9153144                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       580496                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.223034                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       127800                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2263                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          684                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        73884                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        29375                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41799                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1022400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       162936                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       591072                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2115000                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       334392                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     3.905210                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1867                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1018386                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        93564                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14936                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73323792                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       748512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     0.683144                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0      1019030                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         2165                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          730                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        94916                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        49202                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        43044                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      8152240                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       155880                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         5840                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       759328                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3542544                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       344352                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     3.827498                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       983460                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       846173                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        81078                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        39754                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        38649                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      7867680                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60924456                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       648624                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2862288                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       309192                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     4.116196                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       845135                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1862                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       981684                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        79090                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      6761080                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14896                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     70681248                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       632720                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     0.357423                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       163370                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22316                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        87722                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        38823                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        46194                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1306960                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1606752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       701776                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2795256                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       369552                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     0.659154                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        21239                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1862                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       161594                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        85686                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       169912                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14896                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     11634768                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       685488                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.009210                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        21389                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       171112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.081204                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21389                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           68                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1540008                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          544                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.356480                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       844985                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      6759880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     3.206899                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       844984                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1           60                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60838848                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          480                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     0.513853                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1859                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       127127                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        72562                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14872                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      9153144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       580496                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     3.905210                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1867                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1018386                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        93564                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        14936                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     73323792                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       748512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     3.827498                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0       983460                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       846173                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        81078                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        39754                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        38649                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0      7867680                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     60924456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       648624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2862288                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       309192                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     0.357423                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0       163370                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        22316                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1           64                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        87722                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        38823                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        46194                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0      1306960                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1606752                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       701776                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2795256                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       369552                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.009210                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        21389                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1           48                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       171112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         3456                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.356480                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       844985                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1           40                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1           20                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      6759880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         2880                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size          128                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket         1279                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       1479050                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         0.560123                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        2.513965                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     1479044    100.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         1479050                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       2180280                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.163175                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        1.377586                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     2176652     99.83%     99.83% |        3187      0.15%     99.98% |         263      0.01%     99.99% |         113      0.01%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         2180280                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          3726                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.001610                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.056735                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        3723     99.92%     99.92% |           0      0.00%     99.92% |           3      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            3726                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     35503646                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       4.093761                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.131948                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     20.943059                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    35496220     99.98%     99.98% |         192      0.00%     99.98% |        7046      0.02%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |         179      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      35503646                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     34550248                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000072                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000050                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008513                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    34547747     99.99%     99.99% |        2500      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     34550248                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       953398                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean   116.206144                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean   100.846754                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    58.459059                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      945972     99.22%     99.22% |         192      0.02%     99.24% |        7046      0.74%     99.98% |           8      0.00%     99.98% |         179      0.02%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       953398                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      4002566                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.700936                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.047313                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     10.535170                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     3999442     99.92%     99.92% |        2808      0.07%     99.99% |          15      0.00%     99.99% |          56      0.00%     99.99% |          77      0.00%    100.00% |         101      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |          67      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       4002566                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      3950916                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001177                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000816                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.034309                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     3946269     99.88%     99.88% |        4644      0.12%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      3950916                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        51650                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    55.228306                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.783891                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    75.487940                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       48526     93.95%     93.95% |        2808      5.44%     99.39% |          15      0.03%     99.42% |          56      0.11%     99.53% |          77      0.15%     99.67% |         101      0.20%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |           0      0.00%     99.87% |          67      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        51650                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     27935142                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.142560                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.015011                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.362871                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    27929336     99.98%     99.98% |        5444      0.02%    100.00% |          40      0.00%    100.00% |          45      0.00%    100.00% |          96      0.00%    100.00% |          52      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |         124      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     27935142                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     27798253                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000190                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    27798252    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     27798253                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       136889                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    30.092403                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    20.915039                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    55.156410                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      131083     95.76%     95.76% |        5444      3.98%     99.74% |          40      0.03%     99.76% |          45      0.03%     99.80% |          96      0.07%     99.87% |          52      0.04%     99.91% |           1      0.00%     99.91% |           0      0.00%     99.91% |           4      0.00%     99.91% |         124      0.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       136889                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        63989                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.480926                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.119971                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    17.327580                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       63762     99.65%     99.65% |         209      0.33%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           2      0.00%     99.97% |           7      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           5      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        63989                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        61818                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001262                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000875                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.035499                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       61740     99.87%     99.87% |          78      0.13%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        61818                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2171                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    44.613542                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    27.512423                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    83.756254                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        1944     89.54%     89.54% |         209      9.63%     99.17% |           0      0.00%     99.17% |           2      0.09%     99.26% |           7      0.32%     99.59% |           4      0.18%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           0      0.00%     99.77% |           5      0.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2171                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        35416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.712249                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.282161                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.793835                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       35209     99.42%     99.42% |         193      0.54%     99.96% |           1      0.00%     99.96% |           5      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.01%     99.99% |           2      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           2      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        35416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        32695                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       32695    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        32695                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2721                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.302095                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    25.407460                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    62.851862                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2514     92.39%     92.39% |         193      7.09%     99.49% |           1      0.04%     99.52% |           5      0.18%     99.71% |           3      0.11%     99.82% |           2      0.07%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           0      0.00%     99.89% |           1      0.04%     99.93% |           2      0.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2721                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        35416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000028                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.005314                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       35415    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        35416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        35416                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000028                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000020                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.005314                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       35415    100.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        35416                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       21373     50.09%     50.09% |       21300     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        42673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetchp  |          16      0.00%      0.00% |      823685    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetchp::total       823701                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |          48     54.55%     54.55% |          40     45.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       21389      2.47%      2.47% |      844984     97.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total       866373                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |          48     54.55%     54.55% |          40     45.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |          20     50.00%     50.00% |          20     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total           40                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       21373     50.09%     50.09% |       21300     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        42673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetchp |          16      0.00%      0.00% |      823685    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetchp::total       823701                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IMP.Memory_Data |          16      0.00%      0.00% |      823684    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IMP.Memory_Data::total       823700                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |          48     54.55%     54.55% |          40     45.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total           88                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |          20     50.00%     50.00% |          20     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total           40                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       21373     50.09%     50.09% |       21300     49.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        42673                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |          48     54.55%     54.55% |          40     45.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total           88                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    32224698     90.76%     90.76% |     3278990      9.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     35503688                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |    26244453     93.95%     93.95% |     1690695      6.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     27935148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     3034013     73.33%     73.33% |     1103376     26.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      4137389                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         684     48.37%     48.37% |         730     51.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total         1414                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      125910     39.43%     39.43% |      193399     60.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       319309                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |          87     44.39%     44.39% |         109     55.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          196                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1088     51.47%     51.47% |        1026     48.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         2114                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          42     56.76%     56.76% |          32     43.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       49389     44.84%     44.84% |       60753     55.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       110142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        1028     48.58%     48.58% |        1088     51.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         2116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |       76668     36.61%     36.61% |      132753     63.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       209421                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acksp |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      823760    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acksp::total       823760                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         673     51.14%     51.14% |         643     48.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         1316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         715     51.44%     51.44% |         675     48.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         1390                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       71174     43.55%     43.55% |       92246     56.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       163420                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       56451      5.92%      5.92% |      896596     94.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       953047                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |       47712     34.85%     34.85% |       89177     65.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       136889                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       22770     41.27%     41.27% |       32406     58.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        55176                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |         163     62.45%     62.45% |          98     37.55%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          261                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         170     48.30%     48.30% |         182     51.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          352                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |          23     47.92%     47.92% |          25     52.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           48                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         414     43.86%     43.86% |         530     56.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          944                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |     1023661     85.79%     85.79% |      169556     14.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1193217                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |    26196739     94.24%     94.24% |     1601514      5.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     27798253                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         674     51.14%     51.14% |         644     48.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         1318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         520     45.18%     45.18% |         631     54.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1151                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |       54321     35.06%     35.06% |      100622     64.94%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       154943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |    17953220     94.37%     94.37% |     1070198      5.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total     19023418                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        6801     28.49%     28.49% |       17067     71.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        23868                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       41799     49.27%     49.27% |       43044     50.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total        84843                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           6     13.04%     13.04% |          40     86.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total           46                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         517     53.52%     53.52% |         449     46.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          966                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    13191184     92.03%     92.03% |     1142429      7.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     14333613                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     3003744     74.04%     74.04% |     1053233     25.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      4056977                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       29375     37.38%     37.38% |       49202     62.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        78577                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          81     54.00%     54.00% |          69     46.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          150                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         571     49.74%     49.74% |         577     50.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1148                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       49389     44.84%     44.84% |       60753     55.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       110142                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        1028     48.58%     48.58% |        1088     51.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         2116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |       53916     34.94%     34.94% |      100413     65.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       154329                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acksp |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      823700    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acksp::total       823700                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          42     56.76%     56.76% |          32     43.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           74                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       22752     41.30%     41.30% |       32340     58.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        55092                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acksp |           0      0.00%      0.00% |          60    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acksp::total           60                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         673     51.14%     51.14% |         643     48.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         1316                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |         715     51.44%     51.44% |         675     48.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         1390                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |          12     29.27%     29.27% |          29     70.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           2     33.33%     33.33% |           4     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           1     50.00%     50.00% |           1     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       71174     43.55%     43.55% |       92246     56.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       163420                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |       68208     49.83%     49.83% |       68681     50.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       136889                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       63246     48.76%     48.76% |       66470     51.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       129716                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETSP  |      823690    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETSP::total       823701                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       27638     50.10%     50.10% |       27528     49.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total        55166                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETXP  |          56     50.00%     50.00% |          56     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETXP::total          112                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         664     50.38%     50.38% |         654     49.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total         1318                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       78403     47.98%     47.98% |       85017     52.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       163420                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          18     64.29%     64.29% |          10     35.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |          25     62.50%     62.50% |          15     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total           40                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |      845104     97.55%     97.55% |       21209      2.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total       866313                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Datap |      823719    100.00%    100.00% |          41      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Datap::total       823760                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |          43     63.24%     63.24% |          25     36.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ackp  |          30     50.00%     50.00% |          30     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ackp::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         565     49.22%     49.22% |         583     50.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1148                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         474     48.97%     48.97% |         494     51.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          968                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          15     68.18%     68.18% |           7     31.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1039     49.10%     49.10% |        1077     50.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         2116                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       80009     48.02%     48.02% |       86615     51.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       166624                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblockp |          30     50.00%     50.00% |          30     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblockp::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        6075     49.73%     49.73% |        6140     50.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        12215                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        7627     51.17%     51.17% |        7278     48.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        14905                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETSP |      823690    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETSP::total       823701                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        7713     49.78%     49.78% |        7780     50.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total        15493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETXP |          30     50.00%     50.00% |          30     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETXP::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Mem_Data |      823689    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.Mem_Data::total       823700                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |       62118     49.84%     49.84% |       62526     50.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       124644                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |       10486     60.13%     60.13% |        6954     39.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        17440                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          30     39.47%     39.47% |          46     60.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           76                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         662     50.30%     50.30% |         654     49.70%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total         1316                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |          15     68.18%     68.18% |           7     31.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           8     44.44%     44.44% |          10     55.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       44082     46.29%     46.29% |       51156     53.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total        95238                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       19778     50.20%     50.20% |       19623     49.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        39401                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |          18     64.29%     64.29% |          10     35.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total           28                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |          10     55.56%     55.56% |           8     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total           18                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GET_INSTR |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GET_INSTR::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1037     49.05%     49.05% |        1077     50.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         2114                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         117     59.69%     59.69% |          79     40.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          196                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       78403     47.98%     47.98% |       85017     52.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       163420                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETXP |          26     50.00%     50.00% |          26     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.L1_GETXP::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |          43     63.24%     63.24% |          25     36.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total           68                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ackp |          30     50.00%     50.00% |          30     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ackp::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           2    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |          15     68.18%     68.18% |           7     31.82%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total           22                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        7627     51.17%     51.17% |        7277     48.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        14904                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           5     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        6075     49.73%     49.73% |        6141     50.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        12216                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Datap |      823689    100.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Datap::total       823700                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        7713     49.78%     49.78% |        7780     50.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total        15493                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Datap |          30     50.00%     50.00% |          30     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Datap::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          10    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         692     49.71%     49.71% |         700     50.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         1392                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           4     50.00%     50.00% |           4     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       79317     48.00%     48.00% |       85915     52.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       165232                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblockp |          30     50.00%     50.00% |          30     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblockp::total           60                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         563     49.17%     49.17% |         582     50.83%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         1145                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         473     49.12%     49.12% |         490     50.88%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          963                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           3     37.50%     37.50% |           5     62.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            8                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            5                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1036     49.15%     49.15% |        1072     50.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2108                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
