
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.017514                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 17514127000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2382504932000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 230437                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   414402                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               25766619                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                3529916                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   679.72                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   156632744                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     281677952                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.data           16                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.data           24                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      1305728                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           1305904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total          136                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu1.data           16                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       216512                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         216528                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        20402                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              20424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         3383                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              3385                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            3654                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.data             914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            4111                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.data            1370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     74552845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             74562894                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         3654                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst         4111                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total            7765                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu1.data            914                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     12362135                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            12363048                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           3654                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.data            914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           4111                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.data           2284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     86914980                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            86925943                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples     23778.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.007044072750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds          117                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds          117                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState              43504                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState              3371                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      20402                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      3383                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    20402                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    3383                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               1305280                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                    448                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 214464                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                1305728                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              216512                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     7                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             1205                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             1426                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             1477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             1370                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             1419                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             1373                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             1192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             1413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             1054                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             1197                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            1005                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11             945                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            1848                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            1163                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            1331                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15             977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              193                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13              96                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                       50                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  16783566000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                20402                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                3383                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  16965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   2747                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    557                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    101                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     23                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                    75                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                    78                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   198                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   203                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   151                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   223                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   270                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   207                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   167                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   182                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    77                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    73                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    86                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    72                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    57                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    59                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                    36                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                    35                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                    56                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples         7358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   206.543082                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   120.482419                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   276.531128                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4307     58.53%     58.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1458     19.82%     78.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          479      6.51%     84.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          214      2.91%     87.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          140      1.90%     89.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767           81      1.10%     90.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           60      0.82%     91.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           90      1.22%     92.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          529      7.19%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total         7358                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    170.205128                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1521.756996                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-511          114     97.44%     97.44% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::512-1023            1      0.85%     98.29% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::1536-2047            1      0.85%     99.15% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::15872-16383            1      0.85%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          117                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     28.641026                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    26.858824                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    11.436075                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           23     19.66%     19.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18-19            8      6.84%     26.50% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            3      2.56%     29.06% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            9      7.69%     36.75% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            5      4.27%     41.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            4      3.42%     44.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::28-29            2      1.71%     46.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            5      4.27%     50.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           44     37.61%     88.03% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34-35            2      1.71%     89.74% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::38-39            1      0.85%     90.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::40-41            2      1.71%     92.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::44-45            1      0.85%     93.16% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            4      3.42%     96.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            1      0.85%     97.44% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            1      0.85%     98.29% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::66-67            1      0.85%     99.15% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            1      0.85%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          117                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      1305280                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       214464                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 74527265.903690204024                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 12245200.688564151525                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        20402                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         3383                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    973731478                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0  82060222997                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     47727.26                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0  24256642.92                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                   591325228                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat              973731478                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 101975000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28993.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47743.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       74.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       12.25                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    74.55                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    12.36                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     21.68                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   13295                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   3093                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                65.19                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               91.43                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    705636.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   68.92                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                27531840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                14633520                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy               77647500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              10393020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        572844480.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           314653110                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            35447040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1933784850                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      884109120                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      2567854080                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            6438912150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           367.641056                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         16017051750                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     67141251                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    242320000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  10188542750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2302402500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    472910999                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4240798500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                25004280                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                13290090                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy               67972800                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy               7099200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        575917680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           291847410                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            34174080                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1962996210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy      894255840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      2556745320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            6429649080                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           367.112165                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         12070282253                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     64451500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    243620000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  10150715500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2328801250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    421709747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4304818003                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.data           16                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      1305024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           1305040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       215424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         215424                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        20391                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              20393                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         3366                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              3366                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.data             914                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     74512649                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             74513563                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     12300014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            12300014                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.data            914                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     86812663                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            86813576                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl1::samples     23753.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.007369745750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds          105                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds          105                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState              43621                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState              3387                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      20391                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      3366                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    20391                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    3366                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               1304768                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                    256                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 213440                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                1305024                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              215424                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     4                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             1225                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             1416                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             1492                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             1393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             1446                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             1382                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             1188                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             1417                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             1031                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10             983                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11             948                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            1831                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            1159                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            1328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15             989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              311                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              192                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              160                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              166                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13              97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             224                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                       60                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  16269357500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                20391                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                3366                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  16974                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   2755                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    532                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    100                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                    79                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                    80                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                    82                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                    85                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   211                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   224                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   158                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   239                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   263                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   195                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   169                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   176                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    55                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    60                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    70                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    52                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    46                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                    48                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                    49                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                    45                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                    33                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                    18                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                    15                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                    11                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                    66                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples         7244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   209.581447                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   121.533598                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   280.266250                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127         4199     57.97%     57.97% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         1446     19.96%     77.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          475      6.56%     84.48% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          216      2.98%     87.47% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          132      1.82%     89.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767           81      1.12%     90.41% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           63      0.87%     91.28% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           85      1.17%     92.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          547      7.55%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total         7244                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    189.828571                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1675.875147                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          103     98.10%     98.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::1024-2047            1      0.95%     99.05% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::16384-17407            1      0.95%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          105                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     31.761905                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    29.401258                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev    14.868348                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16-17           17     16.19%     16.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20-21            4      3.81%     20.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22-23            5      4.76%     24.76% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24-25            6      5.71%     30.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26-27            3      2.86%     33.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::30-31            2      1.90%     35.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32-33           57     54.29%     89.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46-47            2      1.90%     91.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::48-49            2      1.90%     93.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::64-65            4      3.81%     97.14% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::96-97            2      1.90%     99.05% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::98-99            1      0.95%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          105                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      1304768                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       213440                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 74498032.359820157290                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 12186733.600824065506                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        20391                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         3366                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1    964158726                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1  67147405499                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     47283.54                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1  19948724.15                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                   581902476                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat              964158726                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 101935000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28542.82                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47292.82                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       74.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       12.19                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    74.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    12.30                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.58                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.10                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.05                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     21.56                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   13384                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   3094                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                65.65                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               91.92                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    684823.74                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   69.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                27481860                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                14606955                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy               78247260                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              10309500                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        572229840.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           306090000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            32893920                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1987081560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy      843701280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      2561238060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            6434384025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           367.382515                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         15527225001                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     61029000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    242060000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  10201297000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2197139751                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    454901499                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4357688750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                24240300                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                12884025                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy               67315920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy               7099200                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        561166320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           270544800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            35125440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1901008140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy      892505280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      2605445640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            6377615115                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           364.141194                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         15597762506                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     66806000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    237380000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  10335377500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   2324240750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    381341494                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   4168970256                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                          4                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                          8                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON          11000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   17514116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                              22                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          7                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                           21                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                    9                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                    12                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            2                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                           9                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                           12                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                 20                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                 4                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                  18                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                 12                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads                  10                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes                  2                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            4                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          4                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                        22                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                                4                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    4     19.05%     19.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                        5     23.81%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     42.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      1      4.76%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     47.62% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       2      9.52%     57.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     57.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       4     19.05%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.19% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     1      4.76%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0      0.00%     80.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                  4     19.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                        21                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          3                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          2                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          9                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON          11000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   17514116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                              22                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          7                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                           20                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                   20                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                          20                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                 36                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                14                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads                   1                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes                  4                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            5                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                        22                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                                4                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                       15     75.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       3     15.00%     90.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      2     10.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                        20                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 7042                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                7042                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                7059                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               7059                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq                56                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp               56                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total           74                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        24258                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           52                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            2                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        24780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3066                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           36                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          150                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         3460                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   28314                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total          148                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          273                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio        12129                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port            4                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total        12510                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         1533                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           72                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          300                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         2009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14667                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               591500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy            23822500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              103000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy              247987                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy               47487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy            18559000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy             2653500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages          104                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes       425984                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs          104                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size                 16                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket                 159                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                1303245                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  0.855216                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                 2.808913                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     1295151     99.38%     99.38% |        7418      0.57%     99.95% |         641      0.05%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  1303245                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     49268077                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.144473                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.094043                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.454303                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |    43754024     88.81%     88.81% |     5276332     10.71%     99.52% |      219297      0.45%     99.96% |       17020      0.03%    100.00% |        1355      0.00%    100.00% |          47      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     49268077                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       49268075                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          1.265830                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.025814                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev         7.002797                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    49266339    100.00%    100.00% |         350      0.00%    100.00% |         480      0.00%    100.00% |          21      0.00%    100.00% |         882      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         49268075                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     48864414                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.000116                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000081                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.010791                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    48858741     99.99%     99.99% |        5667      0.01%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     48864414                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       403661                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.431246                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.218526                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    70.300916                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |      401925     99.57%     99.57% |         350      0.09%     99.66% |         480      0.12%     99.78% |          21      0.01%     99.78% |         882      0.22%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       403661                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000678                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4062.237358                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000722                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.064063                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000914                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  2900.217379                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000677                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4044.414203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000719                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.039654                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.000913                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.997773                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  2832.280250                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000198                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   354.612694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2127.675647                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000193                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  2482.284872                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     17017308                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses        74405                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     17091713                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      3712923                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       150147                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      3863070                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.608514                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.078023                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           23                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.016371                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3467.758870                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000101                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   990.735736                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.008201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3914.689139                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load        59227                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         2344                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        22652                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load     11427678                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.997559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         42528                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits     26569859                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses        98065                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     26667924                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      1564324                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses        81044                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      1645368                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.812374                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.094081                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls           33                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.015152                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999258                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     7.354642                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3468.661898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000133                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   990.919388                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007584                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3861.116172                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load        27484                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         4140                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        10038                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load     24466897                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.997559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         26125                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   495.459808                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.008190                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4327.664305                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls            3                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cachep.demand_hits       186597                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cachep.demand_misses        21341                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cachep.demand_accesses       207938                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.013497                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   898.459384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000621                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3557.588554                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.014046                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles            52                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001156                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   495.459394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.007574                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  4707.400246                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls            8                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cachep.demand_hits       174604                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cachep.demand_misses        21119                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cachep.demand_accesses       195723                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.012536                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   798.756784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000614                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3790.459154                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3500.007123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles            58                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.008201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3414.691651                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2972.391059                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.012071                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1818.238899                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000162                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2140.278360                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.001833                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers0.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.000442                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.percent_links_utilized     1.903660                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Control::0       224552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1078                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       225537                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        63472                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        64188                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        27731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34447                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1796416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8624                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16238664                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       507776                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       513504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1996632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       275576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.007584                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3361.118699                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000043                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2972.758762                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.014094                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2420.999902                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000174                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2407.143973                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.002519                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers1.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   999.999572                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers1.percent_links_utilized     1.734416                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Control::0       179109                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1509                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       180625                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        87362                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88218                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45257                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41007                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1432872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12072                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     13005000                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       698896                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       705744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3258504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       328056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.008189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3827.654142                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000621                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3057.590966                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.002309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.016658                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000640                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1542.742153                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.009474                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1417.679968                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers2.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   990.919987                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers2.percent_links_utilized     2.012948                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Control::0       228413                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1289                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       228177                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::1        79811                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        80886                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37174                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Control::0      1827304                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16428744                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       638488                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       647088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2676528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       333888                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.007573                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4207.373782                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000614                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3290.461694                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.002042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3000.009735                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000630                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1528.061590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.008589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1313.080064                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers3.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time   990.929394                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers3.percent_links_utilized     1.896153                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Control::0       215969                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1288                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       215722                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::1        70420                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        71520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        35814                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33718                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Control::0      1727752                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     15531984                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       563360                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       572160                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2578608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       269744                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000678                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3562.238029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2543.587385                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000693                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers4.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.062806                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers4.percent_links_utilized     0.152461                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Control::0        20357                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20669                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Response_Control::1          523                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3389                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Control::0       162856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1488168                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4184                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.000677                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  3544.414874                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2481.463164                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000692                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers5.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.039054                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers5.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers5.percent_links_utilized     0.152166                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Control::0        20364                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20629                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Response_Control::1          490                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3361                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Control::0       162912                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1485288                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3920                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26624                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000193                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers6.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2127.673035                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers6.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000193                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers6.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2482.288155                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers6.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers6.percent_links_utilized     0.010172                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6750                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54000                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        53248                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers7.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.008186                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers00.avg_stall_time  2318.238457                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000051                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2635.645956                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.001832                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers02.avg_stall_time  1499.997945                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.007576                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2920.999459                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000066                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2902.603595                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.002518                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1499.997074                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.000585                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers06.avg_stall_time  2042.741597                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.008172                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers07.avg_stall_time  1917.677555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers08.avg_stall_time  1486.379738                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.000578                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers09.avg_stall_time  2028.061033                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.007555                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers10.avg_stall_time  1813.077652                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers11.avg_buf_msgs     0.000037                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers11.avg_stall_time  1486.388731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers13.avg_buf_msgs     0.000692                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers13.avg_stall_time  1500.060508                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers16.avg_buf_msgs     0.000690                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers16.avg_stall_time  1500.036756                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers18.avg_buf_msgs     0.000193                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers18.avg_stall_time  2836.900635                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers25.avg_buf_msgs     0.008201                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers25.avg_stall_time  2914.694135                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers26.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers26.avg_stall_time  2477.023220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers28.avg_buf_msgs     0.007584                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers28.avg_stall_time  2861.121197                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers29.avg_buf_msgs     0.000043                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers29.avg_stall_time  2477.299097                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers30.avg_buf_msgs     0.008189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers30.avg_stall_time  3327.654670                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers31.avg_buf_msgs     0.000621                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers31.avg_stall_time  2557.593350                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers32.avg_buf_msgs     0.002309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers32.avg_stall_time  2500.019242                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers33.avg_buf_msgs     0.007573                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers33.avg_stall_time  3707.374310                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers34.avg_buf_msgs     0.000614                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers34.avg_stall_time  2790.464207                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers35.avg_buf_msgs     0.002042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers35.avg_stall_time  2500.012319                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers36.avg_buf_msgs     0.000678                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers36.avg_stall_time  3062.238672                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers37.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers37.avg_stall_time  2186.957363                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers39.avg_buf_msgs     0.000677                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers39.avg_stall_time  3044.415517                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers40.avg_buf_msgs     0.000007                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers40.avg_stall_time  2130.646049                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers43.avg_buf_msgs     0.000193                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers43.avg_stall_time  1773.061169                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.009325                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2414.696590                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  1981.655352                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.009195                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2361.123666                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000043                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1981.839403                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.008391                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  2827.655169                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000630                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  2057.595705                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.002309                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time  2000.021797                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.007758                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  3207.374809                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000620                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time  2290.466690                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers11.avg_buf_msgs     0.002042                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers11.avg_stall_time  2000.014874                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers12.avg_buf_msgs     0.000743                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers12.avg_stall_time  2562.239285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers13.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers13.avg_stall_time  1830.327312                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers15.avg_buf_msgs     0.000756                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers15.avg_stall_time  2544.416130                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers16.avg_buf_msgs     0.000008                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers16.avg_stall_time  1779.828906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers19.avg_buf_msgs     0.000193                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers8.port_buffers19.avg_stall_time  1418.449275                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers8.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers8.percent_links_utilized     0.982757                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Control::0       444382                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Request_Control::2         2587                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Data::1       445732                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::1       151039                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Response_Control::2       152406                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        72988                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        82204                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Control::0      3555056                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        20696                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     32092704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1208312                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1219248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      5255136                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       657632                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        53248                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control         1333146                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control         7751                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      1337185                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control       910335                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       219006                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       266580                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control         10665168                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control        62008                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data     96277320                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control      7282680                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     15768432                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      2132640                      
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.lookups       17279134                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condPredicted     17279134                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condIncorrect       629471                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBLookups     16064293                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.usedRAS         636268                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.RASInCorrect       102887                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectLookups     16064293                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectHits     12316773                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectMisses      3747520                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       452539                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdAccesses           26877666                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrAccesses            1939747                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdMisses               115100                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrMisses                33154                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrAccesses            3978314                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrMisses                65622                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  17514127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                35028232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.icacheStallCycles      5783186                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Insts              71453822                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Branches           17279134                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.predictedBranches     12953041                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Cycles             27005706                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.SquashCycles        1358688                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.TlbCycles            263653                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.MiscStallCycles        60730                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       640611                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles           66                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        80596                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.CacheLines          3864888                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheSquashes       191573                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.ItlbSquashes           6369                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::samples     34513892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::mean     4.033537                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.543173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::0        14046945     40.70%     40.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::1          383009      1.11%     41.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::2          388394      1.13%     42.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::3          594136      1.72%     44.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::4          637940      1.85%     46.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::5          736306      2.13%     48.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::6          535104      1.55%     50.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::7        10709527     31.03%     81.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::8         6482531     18.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::total     34513892                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.branchRate         0.493292                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rate               2.039892                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.IdleCycles         5467191                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.BlockedCycles      9296891                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus0.decode.RunCycles         18180146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus0.decode.UnblockCycles       890318                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.decode.SquashCycles        679344                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.decode.DecodedInsts     134053472                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SquashCycles        679344                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IdleCycles         6054482                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus0.rename.BlockCycles        6142113                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializeStallCycles      1520789                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RunCycles         18399785                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UnblockCycles      1717377                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedInsts     131169469                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus0.rename.ROBFullEvents        19629                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IQFullEvents        724114                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.LQFullEvents         17582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SQFullEvents        681718                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.FullRegisterEvents            4                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedOperands    138369199                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenameLookups    294109531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus0.rename.int_rename_lookups    146310959                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.fp_rename_lookups      8192224                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.CommittedMaps    110165467                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UndoneMaps        28203648                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializingInsts       123699                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.tempSerializingInsts        68252                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.skidInsts          3452441                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedLoads     16636477                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedStores      2382003                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingLoads       444727                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingStores       319410                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsAdded         125777977                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       204296                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsIssued        129278405                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       348915                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20425502                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     31603071                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        82739                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     34513892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     3.745692                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     3.461123                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     12368997     35.84%     35.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1938017      5.62%     41.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      1722864      4.99%     46.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      1632088      4.73%     51.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1704520      4.94%     56.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1430898      4.15%     60.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1932953      5.60%     65.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       840332      2.43%     68.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8     10943223     31.71%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     34513892                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       11139005     98.59%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            8      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd           390      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     98.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu          1220      0.01%     98.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     98.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt          1663      0.01%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc          131      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift          139      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     98.62% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemRead         79102      0.70%     99.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        54053      0.48%     99.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead        21672      0.19%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         1062      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass      1046518      0.81%      0.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     96213325     74.42%     75.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        18846      0.01%     75.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv        75813      0.06%     75.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd       189199      0.15%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          576      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     75.45% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd       413673      0.32%     75.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     75.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu       594613      0.46%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp          486      0.00%     76.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt       848158      0.66%     76.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc       402124      0.31%     77.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift       292798      0.23%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            1      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     77.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     25543243     19.76%     97.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      2032986      1.57%     98.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      1595909      1.23%     99.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        10137      0.01%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::total     129278405                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.rate                  3.690692                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_cnt           11298445                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.087396                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    295874008                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139291081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    112279752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      8844046                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      7121789                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      3641412                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_alu_accesses     135121375                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_alu_accesses        4408957                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       392948                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2602433                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         3325                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         5631                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       734407                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          657                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     11485064                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewSquashCycles        679344                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewBlockCycles        5294278                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewUnblockCycles       469591                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    125982273                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58296                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     16636477                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      2382003                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       121067                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIQFullEvents         13836                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       439308                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         5631                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       197925                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       643030                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.branchMispredicts       840955                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127857773                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     26747564                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1273429                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_refs            28660718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_branches        14457150                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_stores           1913154                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_rate            3.650135                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_sent             116191117                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_count            115921164                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_producers         83881012                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_consumers        121216622                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_rate              3.309364                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_fanout            0.691993                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20423451                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       121557                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branchMispredicts       665385                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     31417712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     3.359783                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     3.286411                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     12014061     38.24%     38.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2497402      7.95%     46.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1849884      5.89%     52.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1397530      4.45%     56.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       557983      1.78%     58.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       284888      0.91%     59.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       242650      0.77%     59.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     10531837     33.52%     93.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2041477      6.50%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     31417712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedInsts     56632727                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedOps     105556707                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.refs              15681631                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.loads             14034035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.membars              51021                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branches          13703370                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.fp_insts           1993339                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.int_insts         93253556                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.function_calls       329911                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       462225      0.44%      0.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     87864480     83.24%     83.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        17077      0.02%     83.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        69068      0.07%     83.76% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        14190      0.01%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          576      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     83.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd       244140      0.23%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu       299625      0.28%     84.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp          456      0.00%     84.29% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt       505402      0.48%     84.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc       268571      0.25%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.02% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift       129266      0.12%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     13517627     12.81%     97.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      1641586      1.56%     99.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       516408      0.49%     99.99% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite         6010      0.01%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::total    105556707                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.bw_lim_events      2041477                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_reads           155345365                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_writes          255102164                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus0.timesIdled                  34210                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus0.idleCycles                 514340                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts           56632727                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps            105556707                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.cpi                      0.618516                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus0.cpi_total                0.618516                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.ipc                      1.616774                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus0.ipc_total                1.616774                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_reads       145299570                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_writes       85322239                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_reads          6027361                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_writes         3306964                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_reads         76407065                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_writes        32604508                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_reads       57763329                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_writes         46756                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.lookups       26313422                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condPredicted     26313422                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condIncorrect       278623                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBLookups     25936593                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.usedRAS         284444                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.RASInCorrect        53164                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectLookups     25936593                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectHits     24299828                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectMisses      1636765                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPredindirectMispredicted       192469                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdAccesses           50201732                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrAccesses            1187199                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdMisses                66372                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrMisses                19035                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrAccesses            1673578                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrMisses                15502                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  17514127000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                35028232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2718618                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Insts             107008230                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Branches           26313422                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.predictedBranches     24584272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Cycles             31171054                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.SquashCycles         604546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.TlbCycles             62503                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.MiscStallCycles        44270                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       149244                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          127                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles        56298                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.CacheLines          1646750                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheSquashes        93673                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.ItlbSquashes           1745                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::samples     34504387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::mean     5.528388                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.887572                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::0         6945619     20.13%     20.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::1          237251      0.69%     20.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::2          190508      0.55%     21.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::3          216396      0.63%     22.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::4          198639      0.58%     22.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::5          224523      0.65%     23.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::6          253988      0.74%     23.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::7        23854611     69.14%     93.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::8         2382852      6.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::total     34504387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.branchRate         0.751206                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rate               3.054914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.IdleCycles         2388162                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.BlockedCycles      4953687                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus1.decode.RunCycles         26385117                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus1.decode.UnblockCycles       475144                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.decode.SquashCycles        302273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.decode.DecodedInsts     188229760                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SquashCycles        302273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IdleCycles         2658660                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus1.rename.BlockCycles        2852663                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializeStallCycles       567804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RunCycles         26550184                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UnblockCycles      1572799                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedInsts     186893979                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus1.rename.ROBFullEvents        16066                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IQFullEvents        500028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.LQFullEvents         14856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SQFullEvents        965042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedOperands    188618105                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenameLookups    384434493                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus1.rename.int_rename_lookups    174475752                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.fp_rename_lookups       374431                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.CommittedMaps    177025236                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UndoneMaps        11592785                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializingInsts        36752                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.tempSerializingInsts        36856                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.skidInsts          1906016                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedLoads     26443058                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedStores      1501823                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingLoads       529932                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingStores       348424                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsAdded         184456309                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       175792                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsIssued        205772565                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       163941                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      8510833                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     13010652                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved        71727                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     34504387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     5.963664                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     3.252240                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      6105968     17.70%     17.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      1101820      3.19%     20.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       771003      2.23%     23.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       710524      2.06%     25.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       665175      1.93%     27.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5       549678      1.59%     28.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       469621      1.36%     30.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       274433      0.80%     30.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8     23856165     69.14%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     34504387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       23805815     99.23%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            35      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu           234      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            86      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            1      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            8      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     99.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemRead        128784      0.54%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        52092      0.22%     99.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead         2510      0.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite          491      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       131018      0.06%      0.06% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    153938865     74.81%     74.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         3014      0.00%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv        15142      0.01%     74.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd         7234      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          230      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd        11033      0.01%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu        22469      0.01%     74.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     74.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt        25533      0.01%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc        12652      0.01%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift         9672      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     74.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     50280439     24.43%     99.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      1202937      0.58%     99.95% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        72680      0.04%     99.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        39647      0.02%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::total     205772565                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.rate                  5.874478                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_cnt           23990056                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.116585                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469788308                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    192815728                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    180242715                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads       415198                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes       339608                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       154634                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_alu_accesses     229425305                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_alu_accesses         206298                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       197054                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1321845                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         2456                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        12845                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       520177                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          842                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked     24490075                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewSquashCycles        302273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewBlockCycles        1870741                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewUnblockCycles       575138                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    184632101                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        26825                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     26443058                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      1501823                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        82923                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIQFullEvents         17810                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       540175                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        12845                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        89367                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       279924                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.branchMispredicts       369291                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecutedInsts    205097916                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     50137325                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       589770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_refs            51307286                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_branches        25054082                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_stores           1169961                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_rate            5.855217                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_sent             180516409                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_count            180397349                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_producers        128595913                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_consumers        158810900                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_rate              5.150056                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_fanout            0.809742                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitSquashedInsts      8503730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       104065                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branchMispredicts       288173                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     33177517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     5.308450                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.902359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      6412593     19.33%     19.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      1002389      3.02%     22.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       478802      1.44%     23.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3       540713      1.63%     25.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       249440      0.75%     26.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       156546      0.47%     26.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       107127      0.32%     26.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7     23723436     71.50%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8       506471      1.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     33177517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedOps     176121204                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.refs              26102850                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.loads             25121204                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.membars              56318                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branches          24720575                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.fp_insts            101706                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.int_insts        152209613                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.function_calls       108548                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass        62651      0.04%      0.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu    149891483     85.11%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         2349      0.00%     85.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        13357      0.01%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd          743      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          192      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.15% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd         7194      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu        10801      0.01%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.16% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt        15480      0.01%     85.17% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc         9352      0.01%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift         4752      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     85.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead     25104258     14.25%     99.43% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       946114      0.54%     99.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        16946      0.01%     99.98% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        35532      0.02%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::total    176121204                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.bw_lim_events       506471                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_reads           217287940                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_writes          370596916                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus1.timesIdled                  19046                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus1.idleCycles                 523845                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts          100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps            176121204                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.cpi                      0.350282                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus1.cpi_total                0.350282                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.ipc                      2.854840                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus1.ipc_total                2.854840                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_reads       212430471                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_writes      130243577                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_reads           229278                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_writes          110004                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_reads        125251437                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_writes        51179591                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_reads      101942904                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_writes         23773                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2382504932000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.link_utilization     2.970395                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1078                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       224078                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        63175                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8624                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16133616                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       505400                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.link_utilization     0.836924                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       224552                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1459                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          297                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        64188                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        27731                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           14                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        34447                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1796416                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       105048                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         2376                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       513504                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      1996632                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1         1008                      
system.ruby.network.routers0.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       275576                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.link_utilization     2.423642                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1509                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       178844                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        86814                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12072                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12876768                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       694512                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.link_utilization     1.045191                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       179109                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         1781                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          548                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2        88218                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        45257                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41007                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      1432872                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       128232                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4384                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       705744                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      3258504                      
system.ruby.network.routers1.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       328056                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.link_utilization     1.222851                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       207938                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21216                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          509                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        80886                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37174                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41736                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1663504                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1527552                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4072                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       647088                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2676528                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       333888                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.link_utilization     2.803044                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        20475                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1289                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       206961                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        79302                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       163800                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10312                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14901192                      
system.ruby.network.routers2.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       634416                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.link_utilization     1.160406                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       195723                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21017                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1          482                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2        71520                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        35814                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33718                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      1565784                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1513224                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3856                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       572160                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2578608                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       269744                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.link_utilization     2.631900                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        20246                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1288                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       194705                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        69938                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       161968                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        10304                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     14018760                      
system.ruby.network.routers3.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       559504                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.link_utilization     0.037163                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        20357                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          251                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3389                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       162856                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18072                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27112                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.link_utilization     0.267760                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20418                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          493                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1470096                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3944                      
system.ruby.network.routers4.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26624                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.link_utilization     0.036887                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        20364                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3361                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       162912                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        16704                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26888                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.link_utilization     0.267444                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        20397                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1          461                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         3328                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1468584                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3688                      
system.ruby.network.routers5.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        26624                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.link_utilization     0.010708                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        53248                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.link_utilization     0.009635                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         6750                      
system.ruby.network.routers6.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        54000                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers7.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.link_utilization     2.970395                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1078                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       224078                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        63175                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2         8624                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     16133616                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       505400                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.link_utilization     2.423642                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         1509                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       178844                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        86814                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        12072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     12876768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       694512                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.link_utilization     1.222851                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Control::0       207938                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21216                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1          509                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::2        80886                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        37174                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        41736                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Control::0      1663504                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1527552                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         4072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       647088                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2676528                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          864                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle2.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       333888                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.link_utilization     1.160406                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Control::0       195723                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1        21017                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1          482                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::2        71520                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0        35814                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0        33718                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::0      1565784                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      1513224                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1         3856                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2       572160                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      2578608                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle3.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       269744                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.link_utilization     0.037163                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0        20357                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1          251                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1           30                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3389                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0       162856                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        18072                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          240                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        27112                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.link_utilization     0.036887                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0        20364                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1           29                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         3361                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0       162912                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1        16704                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1          232                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        26888                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.link_utilization     0.010708                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1           94                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         6656                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         6768                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        53248                      
system.ruby.network.routers8.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size            8                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket           79                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples        704509                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         1.073198                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev        3.076245                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |      624821     88.69%     88.69% |       75327     10.69%     99.38% |        3314      0.47%     99.85% |         703      0.10%     99.95% |         261      0.04%     99.99% |          72      0.01%    100.00% |           8      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total          704509                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size           16                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket          159                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples        596149                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         0.601313                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev        2.437453                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |      592416     99.37%     99.37% |        3401      0.57%     99.94% |         308      0.05%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total          596149                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples          2587                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.002319                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.068081                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |        2584     99.88%     99.88% |           0      0.00%     99.88% |           3      0.12%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total            2587                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     41003915                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.113148                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.009734                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev      5.241456                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    41003068    100.00%    100.00% |         193      0.00%    100.00% |         148      0.00%    100.00% |          13      0.00%    100.00% |         492      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      41003915                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     40879994                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000075                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000052                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.008688                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |    40876911     99.99%     99.99% |        3082      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     40879994                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       123921                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.414466                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    24.236881                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    87.720342                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      123074     99.32%     99.32% |         193      0.16%     99.47% |         148      0.12%     99.59% |          13      0.01%     99.60% |         492      0.40%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       123921                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      2583406                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.056889                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.064028                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     14.749135                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     2583003     99.98%     99.98% |          67      0.00%     99.99% |         181      0.01%     99.99% |           4      0.00%     99.99% |         150      0.01%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       2583406                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      2539544                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000969                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000671                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.031172                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     2537089     99.90%     99.90% |        2450      0.10%    100.00% |           5      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      2539544                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples        43862                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    63.193083                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    37.207842                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    94.923956                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |       43459     99.08%     99.08% |          67      0.15%     99.23% |         181      0.41%     99.65% |           4      0.01%     99.66% |         150      0.34%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total        43862                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples      5508438                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.003558                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.131950                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.049291                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |     5507991     99.99%     99.99% |          83      0.00%     99.99% |         139      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |         220      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total      5508438                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      5277247                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000001                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000000                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.000754                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     5277244    100.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      5277247                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       231191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.911112                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    19.164843                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    48.591646                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      230744     99.81%     99.81% |          83      0.04%     99.84% |         139      0.06%     99.90% |           4      0.00%     99.90% |         220      0.10%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       231191                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        93896                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.270864                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.087764                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    19.682611                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |       93633     99.72%     99.72% |         234      0.25%     99.97% |           0      0.00%     99.97% |           5      0.01%     99.97% |           5      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |           0      0.00%     99.98% |          16      0.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        93896                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        91587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.001441                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000999                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.037937                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       91455     99.86%     99.86% |         132      0.14%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        91587                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2309                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    52.622780                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    29.408657                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   114.717735                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2046     88.61%     88.61% |         234     10.13%     98.74% |           0      0.00%     98.74% |           5      0.22%     98.96% |           5      0.22%     99.18% |           3      0.13%     99.31% |           0      0.00%     99.31% |           0      0.00%     99.31% |           0      0.00%     99.31% |          16      0.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2309                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples        39210                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.031293                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.211359                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    18.146138                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |       39037     99.56%     99.56% |         163      0.42%     99.97% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           1      0.00%     99.98% |           4      0.01%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |           3      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total        39210                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        36832                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       36832    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        36832                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         2378                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    34.493272                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.607795                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    66.161600                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        2205     92.72%     92.72% |         163      6.85%     99.58% |           1      0.04%     99.62% |           1      0.04%     99.66% |           4      0.17%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           0      0.00%     99.83% |           1      0.04%     99.87% |           3      0.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         2378                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples        39210                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       39210    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total        39210                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples        39210                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       39210    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total        39210                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       20357     49.99%     49.99% |       20364     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        40721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |         251     51.97%     51.97% |         232     48.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total          483                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       20402     50.01%     50.01% |       20391     49.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        40793                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        3383     50.13%     50.13% |        3366     49.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total         6749                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          61     64.89%     64.89% |          33     35.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           94                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |        3328     50.00%     50.00% |        3328     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         6656                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |          30     50.85%     50.85% |          29     49.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       20357     49.99%     49.99% |       20364     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        40721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          45     62.50%     62.50% |          27     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           72                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |        3132     49.98%     49.98% |        3134     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total         6266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          45     62.50%     62.50% |          27     37.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           72                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |        3132     49.98%     49.98% |        3134     50.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total         6266                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |          39     54.93%     54.93% |          32     45.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total           71                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |          16     72.73%     72.73% |           6     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total           22                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         196     50.26%     50.26% |         194     49.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total          390                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |          30     50.85%     50.85% |          29     49.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total           59                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       20357     49.99%     49.99% |       20364     50.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        40721                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |          39     54.93%     54.93% |          32     45.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total           71                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |          16     72.73%     72.73% |           6     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total           22                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |          16     72.73%     72.73% |           6     27.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total           22                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         196     50.26%     50.26% |         194     49.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total          390                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         196     50.26%     50.26% |         194     49.74%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total          390                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        6656    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         6656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        6656    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            6656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        6656    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         6656                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          94    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           94                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        6656    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         6656                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |    15390397     37.53%     37.53% |    25613567     62.47%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     41003964                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     3863071     70.13%     70.13% |     1645372     29.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total      5508443                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     1701337     61.74%     61.74% |     1054386     38.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      2755723                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |         311     36.20%     36.20% |         548     63.80%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total          859                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      222983     55.66%     55.66% |      177601     44.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total       400584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |          75     34.72%     34.72% |         141     65.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          216                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |         691     45.79%     45.79% |         818     54.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         1509                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GET_INSTR |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |          49     71.01%     71.01% |          20     28.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |       44237     43.22%     43.22% |       58108     56.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       102345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |         820     54.23%     54.23% |         692     45.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         1512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      178972     59.86%     59.86% |      120024     40.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       298996                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |         474     64.14%     64.14% |         265     35.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total          739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |         523     64.73%     64.73% |         285     35.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total          808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |       62178     41.89%     41.89% |       86264     58.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       148442                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |       55211     44.64%     44.64% |       68463     55.36%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       123674                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      150147     64.95%     64.95% |       81044     35.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       231191                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       18648     39.04%     39.04% |       29116     60.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total        47764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |          83     43.23%     43.23% |         109     56.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total          192                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |          63     25.51%     25.51% |         184     74.49%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |           9     20.00%     20.00% |          36     80.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total           45                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         231     42.00%     42.00% |         319     58.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total          550                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      255413     62.61%     62.61% |      152519     37.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total       407932                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     3712923     70.36%     70.36% |     1564324     29.64%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total      5277247                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |         474     64.05%     64.05% |         266     35.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total          740                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         214     32.82%     32.82% |         438     67.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total          652                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      160573     63.82%     63.82% |       91018     36.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       251591                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     2237818     77.72%     77.72% |      641362     22.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      2879180                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |        9300     36.15%     36.15% |       16428     63.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        25728                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |       34447     45.65%     45.65% |       41007     54.35%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total        75454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |           6     14.63%     14.63% |          35     85.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total           41                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         373     43.32%     43.32% |         488     56.68%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total          861                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GET_INSTR |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |    12841872     34.16%     34.16% |    24751010     65.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total     37592882                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     1672905     62.39%     62.39% |     1008540     37.61%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      2681445                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total           14                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |       27731     37.99%     37.99% |       45257     62.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total        72988                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |          69     39.43%     39.43% |         106     60.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          175                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |         318     49.07%     49.07% |         330     50.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total          648                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |       44237     43.22%     43.22% |       58108     56.78%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       102345                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |         820     54.23%     54.23% |         692     45.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         1512                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      160364     63.83%     63.83% |       90891     36.17%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       251255                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |          49     71.01%     71.01% |          20     28.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total           69                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       18608     38.98%     38.98% |       29133     61.02%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total        47741                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |         474     64.14%     64.14% |         265     35.86%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total          739                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |         523     64.73%     64.73% |         285     35.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total          808                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |          20     40.82%     40.82% |          29     59.18%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total           49                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1     20.00%     20.00% |           4     80.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            5                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |       62178     41.89%     41.89% |       86264     58.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       148442                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |      114614     49.58%     49.58% |      116577     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       231191                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |       68572     55.33%     55.33% |       55359     44.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       123931                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       24393     51.02%     51.02% |       23417     48.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total        47810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |         362     48.92%     48.92% |         378     51.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total          740                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |       78910     53.16%     53.16% |       69532     46.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       148442                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |          39     54.93%     54.93% |          32     45.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |          31     52.54%     52.54% |          28     47.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total           59                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       20475     50.28%     50.28% |       20246     49.72%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total        40721                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |         281     51.85%     51.85% |         261     48.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total          542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         318     48.04%     48.04% |         344     51.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total          662                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         435     50.35%     50.35% |         429     49.65%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total          864                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           7     70.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |          14     51.85%     51.85% |          13     48.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total           27                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |         741     49.01%     49.01% |         771     50.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         1512                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |       80145     53.11%     53.11% |       70749     46.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       150894                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |         422     51.21%     51.21% |         402     48.79%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total          824                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |        5846     49.71%     49.71% |        5915     50.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        11761                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |        6956     51.33%     51.33% |        6596     48.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        13552                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |        7673     49.80%     49.80% |        7735     50.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total        15408                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |      108754     49.57%     49.57% |      110644     50.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       219398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |       12440     62.00%     62.00% |        7625     38.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        20065                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |          42     59.15%     59.15% |          29     40.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total           71                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |         361     48.85%     48.85% |         378     51.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total          739                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |          13     52.00%     52.00% |          12     48.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |           7     36.84%     36.84% |          12     63.16%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           19                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |       48435     54.55%     54.55% |       40359     45.45%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total        88794                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       16558     51.56%     51.56% |       15557     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total        32115                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |          39     55.71%     55.71% |          31     44.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total           70                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |          17     51.52%     51.52% |          16     48.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total           33                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         199     50.00%     50.00% |         199     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total          398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GET_INSTR |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GET_INSTR::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |         739     48.97%     48.97% |         770     51.03%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         1509                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         120     55.56%     55.56% |          96     44.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          216                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |       78910     53.16%     53.16% |       69532     46.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       148442                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |         281     51.85%     51.85% |         261     48.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total          542                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         199     50.00%     50.00% |         199     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total          398                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |          12     85.71%     85.71% |           2     14.29%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           14                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           7     70.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |          13     52.00%     52.00% |          12     48.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total           25                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.L1_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |        6956     51.33%     51.33% |        6595     48.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        13551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR |           5     50.00%     50.00% |           5     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.L1_GET_INSTR::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |        5846     49.70%     49.70% |        5916     50.30%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        11762                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |        7673     49.80%     49.80% |        7735     50.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total        15408                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |           1     25.00%     25.00% |           3     75.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |         403     49.75%     49.75% |         407     50.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total          810                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            6                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |       79742     53.13%     53.13% |       70342     46.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       150084                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         303     47.05%     47.05% |         341     52.95%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total          644                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         433     50.29%     50.29% |         428     49.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total          861                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |           5     71.43%     71.43% |           2     28.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |           3     75.00%     75.00% |           1     25.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total            4                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |           2     66.67%     66.67% |           1     33.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total            3                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |         736     48.90%     48.90% |         769     51.10%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         1505                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
