
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                839.971796                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                839971796118500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               3927441150866000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                1536703                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  3115409                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                           258359866823                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4125692                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  3251.17                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                  4996081929                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   10128722482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.dtb.walker    200207584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.itb.walker     63509448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst  12721923488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.data   2555634369                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.dtb.walker     10779040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.itb.walker      2714480                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst  20340742360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.data   1313712166                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.pc.south_bridge.ide         6400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total       37209229335                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst  12721923488                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst  20340742360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total  33062665848                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu0.data   1711309805                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.cpu1.data    985342100                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.pc.south_bridge.ide      4644864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total     2701296769                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.dtb.walker     25025948                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.itb.walker      7938681                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.inst    1590240436                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.data     368896991                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.dtb.walker      1347380                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.itb.walker       339310                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.inst    2542592795                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.data     188482417                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.pc.south_bridge.ide          800                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total         4724864758                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu0.data    229805311                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.cpu1.data    132778446                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.pc.south_bridge.ide        72576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total         362656333                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.dtb.walker       238350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.itb.walker        75609                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.inst        15145656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.data         3042524                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.dtb.walker        12833                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.itb.walker         3232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.inst        24215983                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.data         1563996                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.pc.south_bridge.ide            8                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             44298189                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst     15145656                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst     24215983                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total        39361638                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu0.data        2037342                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.cpu1.data        1173066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.pc.south_bridge.ide         5530                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total             3215937                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.dtb.walker       238350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.itb.walker        75609                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.inst       15145656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.data        5079866                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.dtb.walker        12833                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.itb.walker         3232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.inst       24215983                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.data        2737061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.pc.south_bridge.ide         5537                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            47514126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy        322549169709600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          322549169709600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           384.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime                   0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3927441150866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy        322549169709600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy          322549169709600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           384.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime                   0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3927441150866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.dtb.walker    143416144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.itb.walker     54522568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst  12641016128                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.data   2492539747                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.dtb.walker      9420896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.itb.walker      1955472                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst   6203400592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.data   1343237410                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.pc.south_bridge.ide           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total       22889509021                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst  12641016128                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst   6203400592                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total  18844416720                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.cpu0.data   1786828543                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.cpu1.data    925924503                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.pc.south_bridge.ide      4644864                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total     2717397910                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.dtb.walker     17927018                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.itb.walker      6815321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.inst    1580127016                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.data     357149053                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.dtb.walker      1177612                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.itb.walker       244434                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.inst     775425074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.data     200146674                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.pc.south_bridge.ide            8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total         2939012210                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.cpu0.data    237989963                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.cpu1.data    126001089                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.pc.south_bridge.ide        72576                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total         364063628                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.dtb.walker       170739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.itb.walker        64910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.inst        15049334                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.data         2967409                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.dtb.walker        11216                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.itb.walker         2328                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.inst         7385249                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.data         1599146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.pc.south_bridge.ide            0                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             27250330                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst     15049334                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst      7385249                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total        22434583                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.cpu0.data        2127248                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.cpu1.data        1102328                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.pc.south_bridge.ide         5530                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total             3235106                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.dtb.walker       170739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.itb.walker        64910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.inst       15049334                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.data        5094657                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.dtb.walker        11216                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.itb.walker         2328                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.inst        7385249                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.data        2701474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.pc.south_bridge.ide         5530                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            30485437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.000000000000                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState                 0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy        322549169709600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          322549169709600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           384.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime                   0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3927441150866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                       0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                       0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy                      0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy                   0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy        322549169709600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy              0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy          322549169709600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           384.000000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime                   0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE 3927441150866000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                  726049249                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                  468015979                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                     10388409                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                       639418                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                 3170367955                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                      3692212                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions             419974                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples       209987                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    3986488843.109335                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   159340518.624011                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10       209987    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       271500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   3993509000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         209987                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2860963420500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 837110832698000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                    1679954155874                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                 2422585378                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                   4984487476                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses           4883136038                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses              21412083                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                  126785610                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts    327649057                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                  4883136038                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                     21412083                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads        10077149542                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes        4014532863                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads            28171381                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes           14509525                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_reads          2417323630                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu0.num_cc_register_writes         1311279312                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                   1193827145                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                  725850698                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                 467976447                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles              1674232193053.005371                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles              5721962820.994636                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                0.003406                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                    0.996594                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                        487111111                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass             37284013      0.75%      0.75% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu               3707386199     74.38%     75.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                 8735631      0.18%     75.30% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                 25384787      0.51%     75.81% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                 497208      0.01%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                    336      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                  20640      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                  230324      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                 2594978      0.05%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                   47586      0.00%     75.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                 2514678      0.05%     75.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                5842637      0.12%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                116040      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd               2610      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                 20      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt               8565      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                121      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult              2892      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     76.05% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead               721312105     14.47%     90.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite              463597826      9.30%     99.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead            4538593      0.09%     99.91% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite           4378621      0.09%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                4984496410                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                  388631450                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                  259002272                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                       606150                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                        43720                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                 3318017990                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                       145940                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions             420811                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples       210406                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    3978182797.780596                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev   232942703.464644                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10       210406    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1212500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   3994586000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total         210406                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2938266368676                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED 837033529749824                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                    7854888375898                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                 2573496551                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                   5144235006                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses           4861455484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses               3444541                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                   85915239                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts    332446450                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                  4861455484                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                      3444541                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads         9394374795                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes        4230391504                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads             6064838                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes            3087068                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads          2501481200                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes         2148275291                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                    648671745                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                  389401994                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                 259269751                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles              7827414322357.767578                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles              27474053540.231945                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                0.003498                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                    0.996502                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                        429441565                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass             23207042      0.45%      0.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu               4447960573     86.46%     86.92% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                 5528883      0.11%     87.02% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                 16226956      0.32%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                 138921      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                   7232      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                    6894      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     87.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                  598201      0.01%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                     136      0.00%     87.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                  611498      0.01%     87.37% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                1276859      0.02%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                   436      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     87.39% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead               389067329      7.56%     94.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite              259229450      5.04%     99.99% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead             334665      0.01%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite             40301      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                5144235376                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq               847215                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp              847215                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq              715832                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp             715832                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq            270366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp           270366                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port       537162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total       537162                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        23580                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          478                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port       426920                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1648                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       452626                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        10636                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio      2217672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1922                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port       446808                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total      2677038                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                 3666826                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port      1074324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total      1074324                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio        13755                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio          239                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port       853840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total       871130                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio         5327                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio      1108836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3844                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port       893616                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total      2011623                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  3957077                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages         2268                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes      9289728                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs         2268                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 3927441150866000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
