
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.022735                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 22734893000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2531099045500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                  56219                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   106944                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               27137717                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                4254960                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   837.76                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    47098379                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      89593094                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu0.data           24                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.cpu1.data            8                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      3131328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3131432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::.cpu1.inst           72                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total           72                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       475008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total         475008                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu0.data             3                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.inst             9                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.cpu1.data             1                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        48927                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48940                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         7422                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total              7422                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu0.data            1056                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.inst            3167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.cpu1.data             352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    137732251                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            137736826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::.cpu1.inst         3167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total            3167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     20893347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total            20893347                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu0.data           1056                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.inst           3167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.cpu1.data            352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl0    158625598                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           158630173                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl0::samples     56266.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.priorityMaxLatency     0.006212275750                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls0.numReadWriteTurnArounds          434                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls0.numWriteReadTurnArounds          434                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayReadState             107599                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls0.numStayWriteState              7042                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48927                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                      7422                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48927                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                    7422                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3126080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                   5248                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                 473536                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3131328                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys              475008                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                    82                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    1                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2439                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3191                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3090                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3008                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             3004                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            3083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            3001                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2759                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0              204                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1              754                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2              644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3              352                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4              563                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5              432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6              269                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7              590                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8              926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9              541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10             620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11             474                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12             431                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13             218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14             154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15             227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  22734402000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48927                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                7422                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  41492                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                   6177                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                    971                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    172                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                     26                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      6                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                    99                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                   110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                   382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                   424                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                   425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                   426                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                   423                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                   420                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                   422                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                   425                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                   439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                   446                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                   449                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                   459                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                   465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                   465                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                    34                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    25                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                    22                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                    12                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     3                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        23688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.945964                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.633452                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   202.090293                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15268     64.45%     64.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5008     21.14%     85.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1314      5.55%     91.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          574      2.42%     93.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          331      1.40%     94.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          192      0.81%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895          173      0.73%     96.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          138      0.58%     97.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          690      2.91%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        23688                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples          434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean    112.497696                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1081.179615                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          433     99.77%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total          434                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples          434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.048387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.860983                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.160080                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16             312     71.89%     71.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17              15      3.46%     75.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18              82     18.89%     94.24% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19               9      2.07%     96.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               1      0.23%     96.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::25               1      0.23%     96.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.23%     97.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::27               2      0.46%     97.47% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::29               1      0.23%     97.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::31               1      0.23%     97.93% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::32               4      0.92%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::34               1      0.23%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::35               1      0.23%     99.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::36               1      0.23%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::37               1      0.23%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::47               1      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total          434                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0      3126080                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl0       473536                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 137501416.874933183193                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 20828600.336935829371                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0        48927                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl0         7422                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0   2194696865                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0 458501050996                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0     44856.56                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl0  61775943.28                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1278853115                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2194696865                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 244225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    26181.86                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44931.86                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      137.50                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                       20.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   137.73                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                    20.89                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.16                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     21.23                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   30171                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                   2383                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                61.77                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               32.11                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    403457.06                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   57.86                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                90342420                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                48018135                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              185254440                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy              19877760                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        1408140240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           820575420                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            64074720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     5122111200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy     1816731840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      1335374700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy           10910815575                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           479.914974                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         20766586006                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    103386000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    595660000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4804024500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4731130000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1268050994                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11232630506                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                78804180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                41877825                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              163498860                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy              18745020                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        1326393120.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           790465740                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            62645760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4723781520                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy     1782218400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      1587697020                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy           10577232435                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           465.242235                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         20835030760                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    105429500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    561080000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5835209750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4641136750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1232895990                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10359130010                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu0.data           32                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.cpu1.data           16                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      3126592                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3126704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::.cpu0.inst           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total           64                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.cpu1.data           16                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       482880                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total         482896                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.inst             8                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu0.data             4                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.cpu1.data             2                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        48853                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48867                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.cpu1.data            2                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         7545                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total              7547                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.inst            2815                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu0.data            1408                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.cpu1.data             704                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::.ruby.dir_cntrl1    137523937                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            137528864                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::.cpu0.inst         2815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total            2815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.cpu1.data            704                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     21239599                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total            21240302                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.inst           2815                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu0.data           1408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.cpu1.data           1408                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::.ruby.dir_cntrl1    158763536                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           158769166                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.avgPriority_.ruby.dir_cntrl1::samples     56322.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMinLatency     0.000000018750                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.priorityMaxLatency     0.005278758500                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls1.numReadWriteTurnArounds          436                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls1.numWriteReadTurnArounds          436                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayReadState             107659                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls1.numStayWriteState              7147                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48853                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                      7545                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48853                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                    7545                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3121728                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                   4864                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                 481408                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3126592                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys              482880                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                    76                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2455                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3088                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3549                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             2995                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3732                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2981                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            3137                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            3038                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0              203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1              763                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2              656                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3              408                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4              523                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5              444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6              291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7              578                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8              949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9              501                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10             650                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11             477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12             454                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13             216                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14             182                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15             227                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  22734574000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48853                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                7545                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  41403                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                   6226                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                    958                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    161                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                   114                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                   380                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                   428                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                   432                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                   429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                   429                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                   435                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                   431                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                   437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                   437                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                   447                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                   453                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                   458                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                   466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                   475                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                   466                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                    39                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                    30                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    31                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    23                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                    16                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                    17                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                    13                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                    10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     7                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     9                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     6                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     5                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        23690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.073618                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.572891                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   203.183491                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        15241     64.34%     64.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         5065     21.38%     85.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         1316      5.56%     91.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          515      2.17%     93.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          330      1.39%     94.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          210      0.89%     95.72% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895          165      0.70%     96.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          155      0.65%     97.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          693      2.93%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        23690                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples          436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean    111.834862                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev  1081.164215                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-1023          435     99.77%     99.77% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::22528-23551            1      0.23%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total          436                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples          436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     17.252294                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    17.015662                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     3.549404                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16             305     69.95%     69.95% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17               9      2.06%     72.02% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18              93     21.33%     93.35% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19               8      1.83%     95.18% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21               1      0.23%     95.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               1      0.23%     95.64% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.46%     96.10% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::26               1      0.23%     96.33% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::28               1      0.23%     96.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::32               8      1.83%     98.39% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::33               2      0.46%     98.85% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::34               1      0.23%     99.08% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::37               2      0.46%     99.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::38               1      0.23%     99.77% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::46               1      0.23%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total          436                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1      3121728                       # Per-master bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteBytes::.ruby.dir_cntrl1       481408                       # Per-master bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 137309993.057807654142                       # Per-master bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteRate::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 21174852.241442263126                       # Per-master bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1        48853                       # Per-master read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAccesses::.ruby.dir_cntrl1         7545                       # Per-master write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1   2187204370                       # Per-master read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteTotalLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1 446798987496                       # Per-master write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterReadAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1     44771.14                       # Per-master read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.masterWriteAvgLat::.ruby.dir_cntrl1  59217890.99                       # Per-master write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1272635620                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2187204370                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 243885000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    26090.90                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44840.90                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      137.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                       21.17                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   137.52                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                    21.24                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        1.24                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    1.07                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.17                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.09                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     20.81                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   30140                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                   2466                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                61.79                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               32.68                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    403109.58                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.89                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                89585580                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                47615865                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              184797480                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy              20180520                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        1395847440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           815607300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            66065280                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     5016035910                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy     1850164320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      1380497340                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy           10866667305                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           477.973101                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         20772443509                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE    108597000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    590460000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   4955331500                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4818159000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT   1262180491                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  11000154009                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                79582440                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                42287685                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              163470300                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy              19084320                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        1344832320.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           804080760                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            66039360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     4828367400                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy     1769610720                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      1533507780                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy           10651655475                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           468.515751                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         20797528507                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE    111995250                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    568880000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   5600897750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN   4608283000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT   1256204493                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  10588621507                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb.rdAccesses                          7                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrAccesses                          8                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu0.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu0.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu0.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON          11000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   22734882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                              22                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu0.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu0.committedInsts                          8                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.committedOps                           22                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.num_int_alu_accesses                   22                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu0.num_func_calls                          1                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu0.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu0.num_int_insts                          22                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu0.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu0.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu0.num_int_register_reads                 49                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu0.num_int_register_writes                21                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu0.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu0.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu0.num_mem_refs                            7                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu0.num_load_insts                          7                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu0.num_store_insts                         0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu0.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu0.num_busy_cycles                        22                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu0.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu0.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu0.Branches                                1                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu0.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntAlu                       15     68.18%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     68.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemRead                       7     31.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::MemWrite                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu0.op_class::total                        22                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb.rdAccesses                          3                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrAccesses                          2                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.dtb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.dtb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                8000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.rdAccesses                          0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrAccesses                          9                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.cpu1.itb.rdMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.cpu1.itb.wrMisses                            0                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.cpu1.numPwrStateTransitions                  1                       # Number of power state transitions
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON          11000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF   22734882000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                              22                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.arm                           0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu1.kern.inst.quiesce                       0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu1.committedInsts                          7                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.committedOps                           20                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.num_int_alu_accesses                   20                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_fp_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_vec_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu1.num_func_calls                          3                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu1.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu1.num_int_insts                          20                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu1.num_fp_insts                            0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu1.num_vec_insts                           0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu1.num_int_register_reads                 36                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu1.num_int_register_writes                14                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu1.num_fp_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu1.num_vec_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_reads                   1                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu1.num_cc_register_writes                  4                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu1.num_mem_refs                            5                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu1.num_load_insts                          3                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu1.num_store_insts                         2                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu1.num_idle_cycles                         0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu1.num_busy_cycles                        22                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu1.not_idle_fraction                       1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu1.idle_fraction                           0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu1.Branches                                4                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu1.op_class::No_OpClass                    0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntAlu                       15     75.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntMult                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IntDiv                        0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatAdd                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCmp                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatCvt                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMult                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMultAcc                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatDiv                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMisc                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatSqrt                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAdd                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAddAcc                    0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAlu                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCmp                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdCvt                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMisc                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMult                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdMultAcc                   0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShift                     0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSqrt                      0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMult                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAes                       0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdAesMix                    0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                  0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2               0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                 0      0.00%     75.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemRead                       3     15.00%     90.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::MemWrite                      2     10.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemRead                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::FloatMemWrite                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::IprAccess                     0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::InstPrefetch                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu1.op_class::total                        20                       # Class of executed instruction
system.iobus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2910                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2910                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                1373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               1373                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageReq              1037                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::MessageResp             1037                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         1972                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           72                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           28                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           42                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          340                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          344                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         7210                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port           60                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port          714                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         8328                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   10640                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         3944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.int_master::total         3944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio           42                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio           14                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          396                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port           84                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.mem-master-port::total          536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pio          190                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.pc.com_1.pio         3605                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pio-slave-port          120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pio-slave-port         1428                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.mem-master-port::total         5343                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     9823                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.occupancy               365500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer2.utilization                0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.occupancy             5251500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer12.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.occupancy              277500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer17.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.occupancy             3004992                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.reqLayer18.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer0.occupancy             1282492                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer3.occupancy              254500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer3.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.iobus.respLayer5.occupancy             7217500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.iobus.respLayer5.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.pc.behind_pci.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.com_1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_com_4.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.fake_floppy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.i_dont_exist2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.pci_host.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.cmos.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.dma1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pic1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.io_apic.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.keyboard.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.pit.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.speaker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_full_pages           22                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_bytes        90112                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks0.dma_write_txs           22                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_read_txs            0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_full_pages            0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_bytes            0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.disks1.dma_write_txs            0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.pc.south_bridge.ide.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.clk_domain.clock                      500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.delayHist::bucket_size               1024                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::max_bucket               10239                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::samples                3840722                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::mean                  3.534442                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::stdev                23.481553                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist                    |     3840486     99.99%     99.99% |         122      0.00%    100.00% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.delayHist::total                  3840722                       # delay histogram for all message
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::bucket_size            2                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::max_bucket           19                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::samples     35095974                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::mean     1.501726                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::gmean     1.361981                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::stdev     0.754780                      
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr    |    21762381     62.01%     62.01% |    12644200     36.03%     98.04% |      631170      1.80%     99.83% |       51013      0.15%     99.98% |        6986      0.02%    100.00% |         212      0.00%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.outstanding_req_hist_seqr::total     35095974                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::samples       35095973                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::mean          2.077892                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::gmean         1.106730                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::stdev        12.928505                      
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr            |    35092926     99.99%     99.99% |        1515      0.00%    100.00% |        1517      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.latency_hist_seqr::total         35095973                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     33979908                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean      1.060180                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001972                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.910783                      
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr        |    33968693     99.97%     99.97% |       10750      0.03%    100.00% |         120      0.00%    100.00% |          88      0.00%    100.00% |          86      0.00%    100.00% |          74      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |          90      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     33979908                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples      1116065                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    33.063354                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    22.850633                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    61.634641                      
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr       |     1113275     99.75%     99.75% |        1352      0.12%     99.87% |        1423      0.13%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           9      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total      1116065                      
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4533.782576                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001538                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.097075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.001651                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000360                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  3178.244384                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  4543.328838                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.001539                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time   500.082780                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_buf_msgs     0.001652                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseFromMemory.avg_stall_time   499.998285                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000364                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.responseToDir.avg_stall_time  3119.914233                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dir_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.000032                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   340.461114                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000189                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.requestToDir.avg_stall_time  2042.766289                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.responseFromDir.avg_stall_time  2383.225984                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.dma_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.dma_sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.io_controller.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.L0cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequesth.avg_buf_msgs     0.359685                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequesth.avg_stall_time  3504.346260                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequestm.avg_buf_msgs     0.010770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.buffrequestm.avg_stall_time  3501.023064                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.delayRequest.avg_buf_msgs     0.369921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.delayRequest.avg_stall_time  4260.341681                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.missRequest.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.missRequest.avg_stall_time  4032.279754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_hits            0                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_misses            0                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.L0cache.demand_accesses            0                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffrequesth.avg_buf_msgs     0.227699                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffrequesth.avg_stall_time  3503.534017                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffrequestm.avg_buf_msgs     0.010667                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffrequestm.avg_stall_time  3501.015411                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffresponse.avg_buf_msgs     0.044650                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.buffresponse.avg_stall_time 75725.979479                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.delayRequest.avg_buf_msgs     0.237492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.delayRequest.avg_stall_time  4163.222123                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.missRequest.avg_buf_msgs     0.000874                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.missRequest.avg_stall_time  4017.406746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l0_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_hits     13228614                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_misses       274933                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Dcache.demand_accesses     13503547                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_hits      7432629                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_misses       275352                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.L1Icache.demand_accesses      7707981                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.delayhToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.359685                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.delayhToBuff.avg_stall_time   499.986738                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.delaymToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.010770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.delaymToBuff.avg_stall_time   499.999725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.480565                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.406094                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          133                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.missToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.001067                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.missToBuff.avg_stall_time   999.996217                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.034460                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.739842                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToBuff.avg_stall_time   999.973455                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     9.589768                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3499.858104                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000436                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.602681                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.017259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3613.042813                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       156501                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         4906                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        50028                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2921692                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.998120                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles         87304                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_hits      8741122                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_misses       280665                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Dcache.demand_accesses      9021787                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_hits      4577543                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_misses       285115                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.L1Icache.demand_accesses      4862658                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.delayhToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.227699                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.delayhToBuff.avg_stall_time   499.991566                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.delaymToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.010667                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.delaymToBuff.avg_stall_time   499.999725                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_buf_msgs     0.316171                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.avg_stall_time   500.232187                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.mandatoryQueue.num_msg_stalls          104                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.missToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.001748                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.missToBuff.avg_stall_time   999.996217                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.miss_observed            0                       # number of misses observed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.allocated_streams            0                       # number of streams allocated for prefetching
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_requested            0                       # number of prefetch requests made
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.prefetches_accepted            0                       # number of prefetch requests accepted
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.dropped_prefetches            0                       # number of prefetch requests dropped
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.hits               0                       # number of prefetched blocks accessed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.partial_hits            0                       # number of misses observed for a block being prefetched
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.pages_crossed            0                       # number of prefetches across pages
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.prefetcher.misses_on_prefetched_blocks            0                       # number of misses for blocks that were prefetched, yet missed
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.035681                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999428                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.474985                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToBuff.avg_stall_time   999.983110                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.126610                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.requestToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  3492.522353                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.resetRequestFromL2.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.resetRequestFromL2.avg_stall_time  2427.256112                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromBuff.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromBuff.avg_stall_time 78277.628194                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000446                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   997.677227                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.017868                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.responseToL1Cache.avg_stall_time  4171.268136                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_load       100029                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.store_waiting_on_store         8718                       # Number of times a store aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_store        37920                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending store
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.sequencer.load_waiting_on_load      2452722                       # Number of times a load aliased with a pending load
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.stallRequestFromL2.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.stallRequestFromL2.avg_stall_time  2979.233419                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.unblockFromL1Cache.avg_stall_time   499.998120                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l1_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles         76404                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002157                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999252                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.801429                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.018299                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5802.396860                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls           62                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_hits       527435                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_misses        51208                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.L2cache.demand_accesses       578643                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.resetRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.resetRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   346.750939                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.018582                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.998197                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001604                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5273.107245                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.stallRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.stallRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   425.604840                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3905.229200                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl0.fully_busy_cycles           183                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.002144                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.DirRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   999.999252                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000165                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.780294                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.016969                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5867.173820                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L1RequestToL2Cache.num_msg_stalls           35                       # Number of times messages were stalled
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_hits       486620                       # Number of cache demand hits
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_misses        50802                       # Number of cache demand misses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.L2cache.demand_accesses       537422                       # Number of cache demand accesses
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.resetRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.resetRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   345.003075                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.017119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   499.998197                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.001589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.responseToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  5222.018441                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.stallRequestFromL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.stallRequestFromL2Cache.avg_stall_time   380.798790                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_buf_msgs     0.005079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.unblockToL2Cache.avg_stall_time  3904.074026                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.l2_cntrl1.fully_busy_cycles           180                       # cycles for which number of transistions == max transitions
system.ruby.memctrl_clk_domain.clock             1500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.369921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3760.355096                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  3532.281788                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.359685                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  3004.359653                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.010770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers00.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  3001.023471                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers00.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.percent_links_utilized    18.522730                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::3     16820223                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::4        24268                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::5     16354797                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_count.Control::6       489695                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::3    134561784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::4       194144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::5    130838376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.msg_bytes.Control::6      3917560                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.237492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  3663.230711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000874                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  3517.408791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.227699                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  3003.542583                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.010667                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  3001.015817                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000276                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers01.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time 76151.509775                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers01.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers01.percent_links_utilized    11.979319                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::3     10798732                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::4        39733                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::5     10353438                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Control::6       485027                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_count.Response_Data::3        12328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::3     86389856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::4       317864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::5     82827504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Control::6      3880216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3       887616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.017259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3113.044748                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000179                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2999.998834                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.072424                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  3306.112734                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.007020                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  3920.134361                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.010784                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time  1424.439671                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.957829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  1760.408538                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000554                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time  1532.289706                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers11.avg_buf_msgs     0.369915                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers11.avg_stall_time  1004.413007                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers12.avg_buf_msgs     0.010791                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers02.port_buffers12.avg_stall_time  1001.024878                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers02.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers02.percent_links_utilized    22.413121                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::0       550285                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::3     16820225                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::4        24268                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::5     16354800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Control::6       489695                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8125                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Data::1       553134                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::1       241516                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Response_Control::2       237372                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       103391                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       129764                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::0      4402280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::3    134561800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::4       194144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::5    130838400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Control::6      3917560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39825648                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1932128                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1898976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      7444152                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1038112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.017868                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  3671.270071                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000186                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2993.682519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time 77852.430261                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  2553.628711                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  2080.505305                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers06.avg_buf_msgs     0.076789                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers06.avg_stall_time  2984.832269                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000981                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time  2366.607861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.010471                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time  1281.514257                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_buf_msgs     0.606495                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers09.avg_stall_time  1663.264844                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_buf_msgs     0.000924                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers10.avg_stall_time  1517.416752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers11.avg_buf_msgs     0.236173                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers11.avg_stall_time  1003.576628                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers12.avg_buf_msgs     0.010690                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers03.port_buffers12.avg_stall_time  1001.017225                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers03.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers03.percent_links_utilized    16.039636                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::0       565780                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::3     10798732                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::4        39754                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::5     10353449                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Control::6       485027                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8437                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::1       568530                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Data::3        12328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::1       254078                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Response_Control::2       249729                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       118072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       127352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::0      4526240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::3     86389856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::4       318032                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::5     82827592                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Control::6      3880216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40934160                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3       887616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2032624                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1997832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8501184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1018816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.018265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5297.966555                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.001604                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  4773.109104                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.005633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3405.231212                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.001808                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2016.740270                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.022829                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1060.294929                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000170                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.513220                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time   851.209658                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers04.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time   693.501856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers04.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers04.percent_links_utilized     4.420041                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::0       627672                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::4           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Control::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7699                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Data::1       633596                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::1       284250                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Response_Control::2       256145                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       113635                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       138205                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::0      5021376                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::4           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        61592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     45618912                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2274000                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2049160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8181720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1105640                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.016806                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  5283.327955                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.001589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  4722.020299                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.005079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  3404.076039                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.001776                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  2022.365346                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_buf_msgs     0.020615                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers04.avg_stall_time  1052.504404                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers05.avg_buf_msgs     0.000166                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers05.avg_stall_time  1000.029250                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers07.avg_stall_time   761.597558                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers08.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers05.port_buffers08.avg_stall_time   690.006128                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers05.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers05.percent_links_utilized     4.124836                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::0       586159                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::4            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7518                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Data::1       592195                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::1       258453                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Response_Control::2       230956                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       107828                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       118911                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::0      4689272                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        60144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     42638040                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2067624                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1847648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      7763616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       951288                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4033.783093                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000360                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2733.757115                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.001472                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers06.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1001.862731                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers06.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers06.percent_links_utilized     0.320566                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Control::0        48913                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Data::1        56300                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          726                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Control::0       391304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4053600                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       208000                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers00.avg_buf_msgs     0.001090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers00.avg_stall_time  4043.329355                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000364                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2683.495519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_buf_msgs     0.001475                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers07.port_buffers03.avg_stall_time  1000.328669                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers07.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers07.percent_links_utilized     0.320851                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Control::0        48853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Data::1        56337                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Response_Control::1        26267                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Control::0       390824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      4056264                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       210136                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers01.avg_stall_time  2042.765519                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers08.port_buffers02.avg_stall_time  2383.227260                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers08.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers08.percent_links_utilized     0.001669                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Response_Data::1           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11440                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11264                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers09.percent_links_utilized            0                      
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers010.avg_stall_time 76576.707796                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_buf_msgs     0.017230                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers014.avg_stall_time  3806.112338                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.000218                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers015.avg_stall_time  4419.935647                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.005220                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers016.avg_stall_time  1924.437746                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_buf_msgs     0.369921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers017.avg_stall_time  2260.395211                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers018.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers018.avg_stall_time  2032.287759                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers019.avg_buf_msgs     0.359685                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers019.avg_stall_time  1504.399702                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_buf_msgs     0.010770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers020.avg_stall_time  1501.024559                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers021.avg_buf_msgs     0.017841                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers021.avg_stall_time  3484.831928                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.000223                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers022.avg_stall_time  2865.446420                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_buf_msgs     0.005492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers023.avg_stall_time  1781.512332                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.237492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers024.avg_stall_time  2163.256343                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000874                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers025.avg_stall_time  2017.414795                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.227699                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers026.avg_stall_time  1503.568150                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_buf_msgs     0.010667                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers027.avg_stall_time  1501.016906                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.001078                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers028.avg_stall_time  2516.739841                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.018582                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers029.avg_stall_time  1560.293081                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.000169                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers030.avg_stall_time  1500.314605                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers032.avg_stall_time  1276.814454                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers033.avg_stall_time  1040.252752                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.001072                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers035.avg_stall_time  2522.364917                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.017119                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers036.avg_stall_time  1552.502556                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.000165                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers037.avg_stall_time  1499.809500                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers039.avg_stall_time  1142.396305                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers040.avg_stall_time  1035.009160                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.001466                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1501.860961                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.001468                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers050.avg_stall_time  1500.326898                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers056.avg_stall_time  2723.688209                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_buf_msgs     0.369921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers073.avg_stall_time  3260.368490                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers074.avg_stall_time  3032.283800                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_buf_msgs     0.359685                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers075.avg_stall_time  2504.373025                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_buf_msgs     0.010770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers076.avg_stall_time  2501.023856                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_buf_msgs     0.237492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers080.avg_stall_time  3163.239277                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_buf_msgs     0.000874                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers081.avg_stall_time  3017.410814                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_buf_msgs     0.227699                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers082.avg_stall_time  2503.551127                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers083.avg_buf_msgs     0.010667                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers083.avg_stall_time  2501.016202                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers085.avg_buf_msgs     0.017259                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers085.avg_stall_time  2613.046661                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers086.avg_buf_msgs     0.000179                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers086.avg_stall_time  2500.197516                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers092.avg_buf_msgs     0.017868                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers092.avg_stall_time  3171.271985                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_buf_msgs     0.000186                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers093.avg_stall_time  2494.843928                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers094.avg_stall_time 77427.232307                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers095.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers095.avg_stall_time  2128.023981                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers096.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers096.avg_stall_time  1733.754476                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers098.avg_buf_msgs     0.018265                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers098.avg_stall_time  4797.966962                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_buf_msgs     0.001604                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers099.avg_stall_time  4273.110940                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_buf_msgs     0.005633                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers100.avg_stall_time  2905.233203                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_buf_msgs     0.016806                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers105.avg_stall_time  4783.328417                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_buf_msgs     0.001589                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers106.avg_stall_time  4222.022136                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_buf_msgs     0.005079                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers107.avg_stall_time  2904.078029                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_buf_msgs     0.001092                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers112.avg_stall_time  3533.783588                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_buf_msgs     0.000360                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers113.avg_stall_time  2289.269824                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_buf_msgs     0.001090                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers119.avg_stall_time  3543.329850                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_buf_msgs     0.000364                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers120.avg_stall_time  2247.076784                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.int_link_buffers127.avg_stall_time  1702.305032                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers003.avg_buf_msgs     0.369921                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers003.avg_stall_time  2760.381861                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers004.avg_buf_msgs     0.000534                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers004.avg_stall_time  2532.285791                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers005.avg_buf_msgs     0.359685                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers005.avg_stall_time  2004.386374                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers006.avg_buf_msgs     0.010770                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers006.avg_stall_time  2001.024219                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers010.avg_buf_msgs     0.237492                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers010.avg_stall_time  2663.247821                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers011.avg_buf_msgs     0.000874                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers011.avg_stall_time  2517.412816                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers012.avg_buf_msgs     0.227699                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers012.avg_stall_time  2003.559649                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers013.avg_buf_msgs     0.010667                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers013.avg_stall_time  2001.016565                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers015.avg_buf_msgs     0.021551                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers015.avg_stall_time  2113.048553                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers016.avg_buf_msgs     0.000179                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers016.avg_stall_time  2000.396175                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers022.avg_buf_msgs     0.022583                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers022.avg_stall_time  2671.273876                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers023.avg_buf_msgs     0.000186                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers023.avg_stall_time  1996.005314                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers024.avg_buf_msgs     0.000271                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers024.avg_stall_time 77002.034330                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers025.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers025.avg_stall_time  1702.419228                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers026.avg_buf_msgs     0.000000                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers026.avg_stall_time  1387.003625                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers028.avg_buf_msgs     0.018668                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers028.avg_stall_time  4297.967347                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers029.avg_buf_msgs     0.001619                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers029.avg_stall_time  3773.112754                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers030.avg_buf_msgs     0.005634                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers030.avg_stall_time  2405.235171                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers035.avg_buf_msgs     0.017160                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers035.avg_stall_time  4283.328857                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers036.avg_buf_msgs     0.001602                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers036.avg_stall_time  3722.023950                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers037.avg_buf_msgs     0.005080                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers037.avg_stall_time  2404.079997                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers042.avg_buf_msgs     0.001285                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers042.avg_stall_time  3033.784060                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers043.avg_buf_msgs     0.000364                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers043.avg_stall_time  1844.782511                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers049.avg_buf_msgs     0.001279                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers049.avg_stall_time  3043.330323                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers050.avg_buf_msgs     0.000368                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers050.avg_stall_time  1810.658027                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers057.avg_buf_msgs     0.000031                       # Average number of messages in buffer
system.ruby.network.routers10.port_buffers057.avg_stall_time  1361.844522                       # Average number of cycles messages are stalled in this MB
system.ruby.network.routers10.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers10.percent_links_utilized     7.814351                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::0      1213831                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::3     27618955                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::4        64022                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::5     26708247                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Control::6       974722                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Request_Control::2        16562                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::1      1230057                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Data::3        12328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::1       545282                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Response_Control::2       487101                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       221463                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       258546                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::0      9710648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::3    220951640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::4       512176                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::5    213665976                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Control::6      7797776                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2       132496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     88564104                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3       887616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      4362256                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      3896808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0     15945336                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      2068368                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11264                      
system.ruby.network.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Control       169739334                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Request_Control        48341                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Data      3727155                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Response_Control      3097149                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Data       664410                      
system.ruby.network.msg_count.Writeback_Control       779862                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Control       1357914672                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Request_Control       386728                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Data    268355160                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Response_Control     24777192                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Data     47837520                      
system.ruby.network.msg_byte.Writeback_Control      6238896                      
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.lookups       12109855                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condPredicted     12109855                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.condIncorrect      1266567                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBLookups     10273277                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.usedRAS        1332724                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.RASInCorrect       263180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectLookups     10273277                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectHits      3144479                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPred.indirectMisses      7128798                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus0.branchPredindirectMispredicted       836839                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdAccesses           12377635                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrAccesses            5067342                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.rdMisses               268815                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.dtb.wrMisses                53134                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrAccesses            7862367                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus0.itb.wrMisses                91716                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus0.numPwrStateTransitions           16                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples            8                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    239514500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 332020702.383580                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10            8    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value      1732000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value    979851500                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateClkGateDist::total            8                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6562701500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   1916116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  14256075500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus0.numCycles                41637540                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus0.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.icacheStallCycles     11351385                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Insts              62627918                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Branches           12109855                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.predictedBranches      4477203                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.Cycles             26349126                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.SquashCycles        2713486                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.TlbCycles            353588                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.MiscStallCycles       121415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       973524                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles         3538                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       148602                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.CacheLines          7711767                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.IcacheSquashes       391108                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.ItlbSquashes           9200                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::samples     40657921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::mean     3.011475                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.588078                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::0        21793511     53.60%     53.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::1          941287      2.32%     55.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::2          953420      2.34%     58.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::3         1178747      2.90%     61.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::4          957035      2.35%     63.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::5         1051315      2.59%     66.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::6         1233448      3.03%     69.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::7          822729      2.02%     71.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::8        11726429     28.84%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rateDist::total     40657921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.branchRate         0.290840                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.fetch.rate               1.504121                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.IdleCycles        10096481                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus0.decode.BlockedCycles     13309193                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus0.decode.RunCycles         13816949                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus0.decode.UnblockCycles      2078551                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.decode.SquashCycles       1356743                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.decode.DecodedInsts     111808506                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SquashCycles       1356743                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IdleCycles        11344002                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus0.rename.BlockCycles        7304026                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializeStallCycles      2130101                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RunCycles         14506317                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UnblockCycles      4016728                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedInsts     105942872                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus0.rename.ROBFullEvents        37430                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.IQFullEvents       2072838                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.LQFullEvents         47879                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.SQFullEvents       1449179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus0.rename.FullRegisterEvents           80                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenamedOperands    125113848                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.RenameLookups    265293445                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus0.rename.int_rename_lookups    166957339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.fp_rename_lookups      4532966                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus0.rename.CommittedMaps     71321572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.UndoneMaps        53792212                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus0.rename.serializingInsts       137035                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.tempSerializingInsts       128862                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus0.rename.skidInsts          7629738                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedLoads     12115579                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.insertedStores      6426739                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1315469                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus0.memDep0.conflictingStores      1153148                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsAdded          95104614                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       455373                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqInstsIssued         83348668                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       680299                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     37479521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     57462495                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       216737                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     40657921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     2.049998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.405338                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     18230895     44.84%     44.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3979809      9.79%     54.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      3603852      8.86%     63.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      3845259      9.46%     72.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      3246313      7.98%     80.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2603013      6.40%     87.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2516997      6.19%     93.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1531185      3.77%     97.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8      1100598      2.71%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     40657921                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        1083431     69.59%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     69.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd           106      0.01%     69.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     69.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu         33229      2.13%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     71.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt          2160      0.14%     71.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc          447      0.03%     71.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     71.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift          256      0.02%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     71.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemRead        284688     18.29%     90.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       106327      6.83%     97.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead        42586      2.74%     99.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         3654      0.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       769623      0.92%      0.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     61992580     74.38%     75.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        86658      0.10%     75.40% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv       560311      0.67%     76.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd        47239      0.06%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt          804      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd        98356      0.12%     76.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu       475547      0.57%     76.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp         2036      0.00%     76.83% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt       484291      0.58%     77.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc       488688      0.59%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift        42201      0.05%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     78.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11902783     14.28%     92.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      5254044      6.30%     98.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead      1084147      1.30%     99.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        59360      0.07%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.FU_type_0::total      83348668                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus0.iq.rate                  2.001767                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1556884                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.018679                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    203818518                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    129498323                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     74323676                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      5773918                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      3566101                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      2222484                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.int_alu_accesses      81229869                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.fp_alu_accesses        2906060                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       800486                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      5255216                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses        14200                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        26024                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      2236317                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2229                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      3076711                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewSquashCycles       1356743                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewBlockCycles        5628713                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewUnblockCycles       740866                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     95559987                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       148572                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12115579                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6426739                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       248460                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewIQFullEvents         46461                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents       663323                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        26024                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       427882                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1230372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus0.iew.branchMispredicts      1658254                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecutedInsts     80477806                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12096254                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2551063                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_refs            17111529                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_branches         6870670                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_stores           5015275                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus0.iew.exec_rate            1.932818                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_sent              77049930                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_count             76546160                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_producers         55502790                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_consumers         98050628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_rate              1.838393                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus0.iew.wb_fanout            0.566063                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitSquashedInsts     37467794                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       238633                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branchMispredicts      1319783                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     34780160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.669930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.504209                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     18550939     53.34%     53.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      4464738     12.84%     66.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      2921309      8.40%     74.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2831953      8.14%     82.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1318558      3.79%     86.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       649696      1.87%     88.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       605313      1.74%     90.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       378610      1.09%     91.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3059044      8.80%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     34780160                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedInsts     31141995                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.committedOps      58080427                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.refs              11050779                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.loads              6860358                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.membars             104066                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.branches           5410370                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus0.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.fp_insts           1905983                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.int_insts         56115630                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.function_calls       581570                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       368673      0.63%      0.63% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     44655714     76.89%     77.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult        81240      0.14%     77.66% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv       527572      0.91%     78.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd        20145      0.03%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt          768      0.00%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.60% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd        76948      0.13%     78.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.74% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu       387548      0.67%     79.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp         1786      0.00%     79.41% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt       420308      0.72%     80.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc       463787      0.80%     80.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift        25159      0.04%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     80.97% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      6432274     11.07%     92.05% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      4144113      7.14%     99.18% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead       428084      0.74%     99.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        46308      0.08%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.op_class_0::total     58080427                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus0.commit.bw_lim_events      3059044                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_reads           127245739                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus0.rob.rob_writes          197068084                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus0.timesIdled                  61124                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus0.idleCycles                 979619                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus0.quiesceCycles             3832224                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus0.committedInsts           31141995                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.committedOps             58080427                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus0.cpi                      1.337022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus0.cpi_total                1.337022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.ipc                      0.747931                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus0.ipc_total                0.747931                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_reads       121950910                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.int_regfile_writes       63236161                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_reads          3511784                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.fp_regfile_writes         1826373                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_reads         35990963                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.cc_regfile_writes        25944158                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_reads       32274830                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus0.misc_regfile_writes         89215                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.lookups        8003471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condPredicted      8003471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.condIncorrect       877805                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBLookups      6811634                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHits              0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.BTBHitPct     0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.usedRAS         962126                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.RASInCorrect       188350                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectLookups      6811634                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectHits      1802843                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPred.indirectMisses      5008791                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.switch_cpus1.branchPredindirectMispredicted       606039                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdAccesses            8673261                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrAccesses            3487083                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.rdMisses               217235                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.dtb.wrMisses                60851                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdAccesses                  0                       # TLB accesses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrAccesses            4979782                       # TLB accesses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.rdMisses                    0                       # TLB misses on read requests
system.switch_cpus1.itb.wrMisses                67842                       # TLB misses on write requests
system.switch_cpus1.numPwrStateTransitions           37                       # Number of power state transitions
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::samples           19                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::mean    260256237                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::stdev 282703332.818049                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::1000-5e+10           19    100.00%    100.00% # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::min_value       627501                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::max_value   1069566000                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateClkGateDist::total           19                       # Distribution of time spent in the clock gated state
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   7149435497                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::CLK_GATED   4944868503                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::OFF  10640589000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.switch_cpus1.numCycles                35580042                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsStarted             0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus1.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.icacheStallCycles      8512749                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Insts              36686908                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Branches            8003471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.predictedBranches      2764969                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.Cycles             23056966                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.SquashCycles        1922626                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.TlbCycles            264638                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting for tlb
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.MiscStallCycles       197681                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles       623869                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles          856                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles       184363                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.CacheLines          4867823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.IcacheSquashes       301715                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.ItlbSquashes           6918                       # Number of outstanding ITLB misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::samples     33802435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::mean     2.223158                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::stdev     3.359843                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::0        22206759     65.70%     65.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::1          701368      2.07%     67.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::2          552008      1.63%     69.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::3          623374      1.84%     71.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::4          592856      1.75%     73.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::5          628202      1.86%     74.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::6          706749      2.09%     76.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::7          609237      1.80%     78.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::8         7181882     21.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rateDist::total     33802435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.branchRate         0.224943                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.fetch.rate               1.031109                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.IdleCycles         7811243                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus1.decode.BlockedCycles     15421626                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus1.decode.RunCycles          8298019                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus1.decode.UnblockCycles      1310230                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.decode.SquashCycles        961313                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.decode.DecodedInsts      67651431                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SquashCycles        961313                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IdleCycles         8598761                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus1.rename.BlockCycles        8597572                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializeStallCycles      2438242                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RunCycles          8715770                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UnblockCycles      4490773                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedInsts      63628305                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus1.rename.ROBFullEvents        54874                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.IQFullEvents       1229843                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.LQFullEvents        119578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.SQFullEvents       2860206                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenamedOperands     67969119                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.RenameLookups    158168904                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus1.rename.int_rename_lookups     97034061                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.fp_rename_lookups      1394075                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.switch_cpus1.rename.CommittedMaps     33941387                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.UndoneMaps        34027732                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus1.rename.serializingInsts       142202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.tempSerializingInsts       116826                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus1.rename.skidInsts          5140224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedLoads      8363297                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.insertedStores      4426082                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingLoads      1383690                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus1.memDep0.conflictingStores       974907                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsAdded          56279414                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded       509474                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqInstsIssued         49348617                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       471381                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     25276262                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38567937                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved       226927                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     33802435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     1.459913                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     2.190613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0     19732597     58.38%     58.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1      3162825      9.36%     67.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2      2366575      7.00%     74.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      2104940      6.23%     80.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      1964495      5.81%     86.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1601230      4.74%     91.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1410481      4.17%     95.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       863530      2.55%     98.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       595762      1.76%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total     33802435                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         492506     47.72%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntMult             0      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv              0      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            4      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            83      0.01%     47.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     47.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu          1954      0.19%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp             0      0.00%     47.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt           414      0.04%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc           14      0.00%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift           71      0.01%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAes             0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     47.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemRead        378518     36.68%     84.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       146550     14.20%     98.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead         9957      0.96%     99.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite         1984      0.19%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass       453989      0.92%      0.92% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     35642038     72.22%     73.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9495      0.02%     73.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv        37204      0.08%     73.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd        26687      0.05%     73.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     73.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt         1444      0.00%     73.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     73.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     73.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     73.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     73.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd        43387      0.09%     73.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     73.38% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu        95066      0.19%     73.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp          114      0.00%     73.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt       114800      0.23%     73.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc        94443      0.19%     74.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     74.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift        32404      0.07%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     74.07% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead      8834469     17.90%     91.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3600971      7.30%     99.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead       307559      0.62%     99.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite        54547      0.11%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.FU_type_0::total      49348617                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus1.iq.rate                  1.386975                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_cnt            1032055                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fu_busy_rate          0.020914                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    132406671                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes     80914199                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     43487606                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads      1596434                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes      1182750                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses       590354                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of vector instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.int_alu_accesses      49129325                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.fp_alu_accesses         797358                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iq.vec_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       593269                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4005353                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses         7879                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation        33073                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores      1564927                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         2028                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked      2532870                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIdleCycles               0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewSquashCycles        961313                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewBlockCycles        5295960                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewUnblockCycles      1809229                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts     56788888                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        87223                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts      8363297                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      4426082                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts       249459                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewIQFullEvents         51438                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents      1721548                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents        33073                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       290047                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       889137                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus1.iew.branchMispredicts      1179184                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecutedInsts     47270308                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts      8458732                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1802495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_swp                    0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_nop                    0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_refs            11888808                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_branches         4188783                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_stores           3430076                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus1.iew.exec_rate            1.328562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_sent              44460272                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_count             44077960                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_producers         30409043                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_consumers         50023360                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_rate              1.238839                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus1.iew.wb_fanout            0.607897                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitSquashedInsts     25252427                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls       282547                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branchMispredicts       923488                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     29797478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.057560                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.114285                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     20647044     69.29%     69.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      2773055      9.31%     78.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      1495798      5.02%     83.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      1650996      5.54%     89.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4       723413      2.43%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       432334      1.45%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       312517      1.05%     94.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       234006      0.79%     94.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1528315      5.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     29797478                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedInsts     15956369                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.committedOps      31512625                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.swp_count                0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.refs               7219099                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.loads              4357944                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.membars             144956                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.branches           3204618                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus1.commit.vec_insts                0                       # Number of committed Vector instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.fp_insts            418152                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.int_insts         30581220                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.function_calls       364544                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass       204852      0.65%      0.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu     23771583     75.44%     76.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult         7564      0.02%     76.11% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv        32310      0.10%     76.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd         7057      0.02%     76.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     76.23% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt         1216      0.00%     76.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     76.24% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd        31018      0.10%     76.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     76.34% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu        57800      0.18%     76.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp          114      0.00%     76.52% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt        80568      0.26%     76.78% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc        82994      0.26%     77.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.04% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift        16450      0.05%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAes            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAesMix            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3            0      0.00%     77.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead      4272904     13.56%     90.65% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite      2814145      8.93%     99.58% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead        85040      0.27%     99.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite        47010      0.15%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.op_class_0::total     31512625                       # Class of committed instruction
system.switch_cpus1.commit.bw_lim_events      1528315                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_reads            85010097                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus1.rob.rob_writes          117597240                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus1.timesIdled                  64793                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus1.idleCycles                1777607                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus1.quiesceCycles             9797868                       # Total number of cycles that CPU has spent quiesced or waiting for an interrupt
system.switch_cpus1.committedInsts           15956369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.committedOps             31512625                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus1.cpi                      2.229833                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus1.cpi_total                2.229833                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.ipc                      0.448464                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus1.ipc_total                0.448464                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_reads        69151033                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.int_regfile_writes       35372513                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_reads           929159                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.fp_regfile_writes          489774                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_reads         20313616                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.cc_regfile_writes        11197891                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_reads       21655020                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus1.misc_regfile_writes         76522                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.sys_port_proxy.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED 2531099045500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.link_utilization    37.045460                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::3     16820223                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::4        24268                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::5     16354797                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_count.Control::6       489695                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::3    134561784                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::4       194144                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::5    130838376                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::6      3917560                      
system.ruby.network.routers00.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.link_utilization    23.836631                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::3     10798732                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::4        39733                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::5     10353438                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_count.Control::6       485027                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::3     86389856                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::4       317864                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::5     82827504                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::6      3880216                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.link_utilization     0.122006                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::3        12328                      
system.ruby.network.routers01.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3       887616                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.link_utilization     5.703805                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8125                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       549268                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       235480                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65000                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39547296                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1883840                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.link_utilization    39.122436                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       550285                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::3     16820225                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4        24268                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::5     16354800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Control::6       489695                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3866                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6036                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       237372                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       103391                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            2                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       129764                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      4402280                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::3    134561800                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4       194144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::5    130838400                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::6      3917560                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       278352                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        48288                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1898976                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      7444152                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          144                      
system.ruby.network.routers02.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1038112                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.link_utilization     5.992190                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::4           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Control::5           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8437                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1       564672                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::3        12328                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1       247803                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::4          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::5           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67496                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40656384                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3       887616                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1982424                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.link_utilization    26.087082                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0       565780                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::3     10798732                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4        39733                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::5     10353438                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Control::6       485027                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1         3858                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1         6275                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::2       249729                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       118072                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            5                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       127352                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0      4526240                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::3     86389856                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4       317864                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::5     82827504                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::6      3880216                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       277776                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        50200                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1997832                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8501184                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          360                      
system.ruby.network.routers03.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1018816                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.link_utilization     2.721252                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       578643                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50749                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22183                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       256145                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       113635                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       138205                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      4629144                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3653928                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       177464                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2049160                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8181720                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1105640                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.link_utilization     6.118829                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        49029                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4           12                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Control::5            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7699                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       582847                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       262067                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       392232                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4           96                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::5           56                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        61592                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     41964984                      
system.ruby.network.routers04.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      2096536                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.link_utilization     2.566506                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0       537422                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50497                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21756                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::2       230956                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       107828                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       118911                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0      4299376                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3635784                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       174048                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1847648                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      7763616                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       951288                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.link_utilization     5.683166                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::0        48737                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4            9                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Control::5            4                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Request_Control::2         7518                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1       541698                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1       236697                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::0       389896                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4           72                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::5           32                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        60144                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39002256                      
system.ruby.network.routers05.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1893576                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.link_utilization     0.137359                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        48913                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7365                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8990                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          726                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       391304                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       530280                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        71920                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5808                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.link_utilization     0.503773                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        48935                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17010                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3523320                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       136080                      
system.ruby.network.routers06.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.link_utilization     0.138535                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Control::0        48853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7484                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9070                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::0       390824                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       538848                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        72560                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5632                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.link_utilization     0.503167                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Data::1        48853                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Response_Control::1        17197                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3517416                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       137576                      
system.ruby.network.routers07.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1         5632                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.link_utilization     0.001766                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Response_Data::1           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle0.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11264                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.link_utilization     0.001572                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0         1430                      
system.ruby.network.routers08.throttle1.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0        11440                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle0.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers09.throttle1.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.link_utilization    37.045461                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::3     16820223                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::4        24268                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::5     16354798                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_count.Control::6       489695                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::3    134561784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::4       194144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::5    130838384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle0.msg_bytes.Control::6      3917560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.link_utilization    23.836631                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::3     10798732                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::4        39733                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::5     10353438                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_count.Control::6       485027                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::3     86389856                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::4       317864                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::5     82827504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle1.msg_bytes.Control::6      3880216                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.link_utilization     5.703806                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8125                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Data::1       549268                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_count.Response_Control::1       235480                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        65000                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     39547296                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle2.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1883840                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.link_utilization     5.992190                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::4           21                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Control::5           11                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Request_Control::2         8437                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::1       564672                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Data::3        12328                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_count.Response_Control::1       247803                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::4          168                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Control::5           88                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Request_Control::2        67496                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1     40656384                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Data::3       887616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle3.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1      1982424                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.link_utilization     2.721252                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Control::0       578643                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50749                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::1        22183                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Response_Control::2       256145                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       113635                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Data::1            7                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       138205                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Control::0      4629144                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3653928                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       177464                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      2049160                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      8181720                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::1          504                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle4.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0      1105640                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.link_utilization     2.566506                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Control::0       537422                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Data::1        50497                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::1        21756                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Response_Control::2       230956                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Data::0       107828                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0       118911                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Control::0      4299376                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1      3635784                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1       174048                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Response_Control::2      1847648                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Data::0      7763616                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle5.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0       951288                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.link_utilization     0.137359                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Control::0        48913                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7365                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Response_Control::1         8990                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          726                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Control::0       391304                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       530280                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        71920                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle6.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5808                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.link_utilization     0.138535                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Control::0        48853                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Data::1         7484                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Response_Control::1         9070                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_count.Writeback_Control::0          704                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Control::0       390824                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1       538848                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Response_Control::1        72560                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle7.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::0         5632                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.link_utilization     0.001766                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Response_Data::1           22                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_count.Writeback_Control::1         1408                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Response_Data::1         1584                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle8.msg_bytes.Writeback_Control::1        11264                      
system.ruby.network.routers10.throttle9.link_utilization            0                      
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::bucket_size           64                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::max_bucket          639                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::samples       2081745                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::mean         5.479911                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::stdev       11.510737                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0           |     2070316     99.45%     99.45% |       11009      0.53%     99.98% |         400      0.02%    100.00% |          17      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_0::total         2081745                       # delay histogram for vnet_0
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::bucket_size         1024                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::max_bucket        10239                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::samples       1742415                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::mean         1.243664                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::stdev       32.360464                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1           |     1742179     99.99%     99.99% |         122      0.01%     99.99% |          63      0.00%    100.00% |          30      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_1::total         1742415                       # delay histogram for vnet_1
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::bucket_size            1                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::max_bucket            9                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::samples         16562                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::mean         0.003260                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::stdev        0.080689                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2           |       16535     99.84%     99.84% |           0      0.00%     99.84% |          27      0.16%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.delayVCHist.vnet_2::total           16562                       # delay histogram for vnet_2
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::samples     15112322                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::mean       2.106785                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.097347                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.871276                      
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr         |    15110883     99.99%     99.99% |         598      0.00%     99.99% |         829      0.01%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.latency_hist_seqr::total      15112322                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     14698067                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.089837                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.002884                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     4.798696                      
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |    14690823     99.95%     99.95% |        6942      0.05%    100.00% |          78      0.00%    100.00% |          61      0.00%    100.00% |          55      0.00%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          62      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     14698067                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          512                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         5119                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       414255                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    38.188838                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    26.754624                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    69.740316                      
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      412979     99.69%     99.69% |         499      0.12%     99.81% |         765      0.18%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |           6      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           4      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.LD.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       414255                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::samples      6930134                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::mean       1.990497                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::gmean      1.067135                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::stdev     13.492671                      
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr         |     6928939     99.98%     99.98% |         464      0.01%     99.99% |         425      0.01%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |         255      0.00%    100.00% |           7      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.latency_hist_seqr::total       6930134                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples      6803023                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000828                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000574                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.028832                      
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr     |           0      0.00%      0.00% |     6797399     99.92%     99.92% |        5612      0.08%    100.00% |          12      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total      6803023                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       127111                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    54.957903                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    33.511440                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    84.068949                      
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr    |      125916     99.06%     99.06% |         464      0.37%     99.42% |         425      0.33%     99.76% |          42      0.03%     99.79% |         255      0.20%     99.99% |           7      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.ST.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       127111                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::samples     12570639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.086239                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.141033                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    11.044191                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr     |    12552225     99.85%     99.85% |       17128      0.14%     99.99% |         290      0.00%     99.99% |         211      0.00%     99.99% |         250      0.00%    100.00% |         162      0.00%    100.00% |          10      0.00%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |          11      0.00%    100.00% |         349      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.latency_hist_seqr::total     12570639                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples     12010172                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.059836                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.001713                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     3.884145                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr |    12006201     99.97%     99.97% |        3808      0.03%    100.00% |          42      0.00%    100.00% |          27      0.00%    100.00% |          31      0.00%    100.00% |          32      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           2      0.00%    100.00% |          28      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total     12010172                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          128                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         1279                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples       560467                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    24.080875                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    18.586782                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    43.659102                      
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr |      546024     97.42%     97.42% |       13320      2.38%     99.80% |         248      0.04%     99.84% |         184      0.03%     99.88% |         219      0.04%     99.92% |         130      0.02%     99.94% |           9      0.00%     99.94% |           3      0.00%     99.94% |           9      0.00%     99.94% |         321      0.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.IFETCH.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total       560467                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       241538                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     2.300288                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.094959                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    21.698355                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr   |      241448     99.96%     99.96% |          17      0.01%     99.97% |           6      0.00%     99.97% |          15      0.01%     99.98% |          49      0.02%    100.00% |           3      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       241538                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       235013                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean     1.000804                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.000558                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::stdev     0.028347                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      234824     99.92%     99.92% |         189      0.08%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       235013                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         6525                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    49.104215                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    28.162895                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev   123.204053                      
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        6435     98.62%     98.62% |          17      0.26%     98.88% |           6      0.09%     98.97% |          15      0.23%     99.20% |          49      0.75%     99.95% |           3      0.05%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         6525                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::samples       120670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::mean     3.241924                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::gmean     1.225029                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::stdev    20.217317                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr |      120635     99.97%     99.97% |          16      0.01%     99.98% |           3      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.00%     99.99% |          14      0.01%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           1      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.latency_hist_seqr::total       120670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       112963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      112963    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       112963                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size          256                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket         2559                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::samples         7707                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::mean    36.102245                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::gmean    23.995131                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::stdev    72.435329                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr |        7672     99.55%     99.55% |          16      0.21%     99.75% |           3      0.04%     99.79% |           1      0.01%     99.81% |          14      0.18%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           0      0.00%     99.99% |           1      0.01%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Read.miss_latency_hist_seqr::total         7707                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::samples       120670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      120670    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.latency_hist_seqr::total       120670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::bucket_size            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::max_bucket            9                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::samples       120670                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::mean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::gmean            1                      
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr |           0      0.00%      0.00% |      120670    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Locked_RMW_Write.hit_latency_hist_seqr::total       120670                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch   |       48913     50.03%     50.03% |       48853     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Fetch::total        97766                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data    |        7365     49.60%     49.60% |        7484     50.40%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Data::total        14849                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data |       48927     50.04%     50.04% |       48853     49.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Data::total        97780                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack |        7422     49.59%     49.59% |        7545     50.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.Memory_Ack::total        14967                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_READ::total           22                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE |         704     50.00%     50.00% |         704     50.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.DMA_WRITE::total         1408                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement |        8990     49.78%     49.78% |        9070     50.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.CleanReplacement::total        18060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch |       48913     50.03%     50.03% |       48853     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.Fetch::total        97766                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_READ::total           14                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE |          57     48.31%     48.31% |          61     51.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.I.DMA_WRITE::total          118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data |          14    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID.Memory_Data::total           14                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack |          57     48.31%     48.31% |          61     51.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.ID_W.Memory_Ack::total          118                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data  |        6710     49.52%     49.52% |        6841     50.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.Data::total        13551                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_READ::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE |         647     50.16%     50.16% |         643     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.DMA_WRITE::total         1290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement |        8990     49.78%     49.78% |        9070     50.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M.CleanReplacement::total        18060                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data |       48913     50.03%     50.03% |       48853     49.97%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.IM.Memory_Data::total        97766                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack |        6710     49.52%     49.52% |        6841     50.48%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.MI.Memory_Ack::total        13551                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRD.Data::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack |           8    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DRDI.Memory_Ack::total            8                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data |         647     50.16%     50.16% |         643     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWR.Data::total         1290                      
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack |         647     50.16%     50.16% |         643     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.Directory_Controller.M_DWRI.Memory_Ack::total         1290                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest   |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.ReadRequest::total           22                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest  |        1408    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.WriteRequest::total         1408                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data          |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Data::total             22                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack           |        1408    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.Ack::total            1408                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.ReadRequest::total           22                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest |        1408    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.READY.WriteRequest::total         1408                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data  |          22    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_RD.Data::total           22                      
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack   |        1408    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.DMA_Controller.BUSY_WR.Ack::total         1408                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Need_Delay_hit |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12328    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Need_Delay_hit::total        12328                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NoNeed_Delay_hit |    16820223     60.93%     60.93% |    10786404     39.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NoNeed_Delay_hit::total     27606627                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Record_IssueTime_h |    16354797     61.24%     61.24% |    10353438     38.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Record_IssueTime_h::total     26708235                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Record_IssueTime_m |      489695     50.24%     50.24% |      485027     49.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Record_IssueTime_m::total       974722                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Add_Histo |       24268     37.92%     37.92% |       39733     62.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.Add_Histo::total        64001                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Need_Delay_hit |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12328    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Need_Delay_hit::total        12328                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.NoNeed_Delay_hit |    16820223     60.93%     60.93% |    10786404     39.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.NoNeed_Delay_hit::total     27606627                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Record_IssueTime_h |    16354797     61.24%     61.24% |    10353438     38.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Record_IssueTime_h::total     26708235                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Record_IssueTime_m |      489695     50.24%     50.24% |      485027     49.76%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Record_IssueTime_m::total       974722                      
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Add_Histo |       24268     37.92%     37.92% |       39733     62.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L0Cache_Controller.NP.Add_Histo::total        64001                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load      |     9136631     60.49%     60.49% |     5968592     39.51%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load::total     15105223                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch    |     7707982     61.34%     61.34% |     4858652     38.66%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch::total     12566634                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store     |     4367045     58.91%     58.91% |     3045986     41.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Store::total      7413031                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv       |        6038     49.02%     49.02% |        6280     50.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Inv::total        12318                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement |      547761     49.31%     49.31% |      563182     50.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.L1_Replacement::total      1110943                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX  |         308     40.31%     40.31% |         456     59.69%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETX::total          764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS  |        1778     51.11%     51.11% |        1701     48.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GETS::total         3479                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GET_INSTR |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Fwd_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data      |         291     64.10%     64.10% |         163     35.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data::total          454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive |      161627     53.10%     53.10% |      142746     46.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive::total       304373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1 |        1701     48.92%     48.92% |        1776     51.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1::total         3477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks |      361381     48.79%     48.79% |      379243     51.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks::total       740624                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_M |       13455     35.80%     35.80% |       24129     64.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_M::total        37584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_M |       10813     40.93%     40.93% |       15604     59.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_M::total        26417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         322    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_Exclusive_S::total          322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.DataS_fromL1_S::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         686    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Data_all_Acks_S::total          686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load_S    |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        7306    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Load_S::total         7306                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch_S  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4011    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ifetch_S::total         4011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack       |        1017     47.86%     47.86% |        1108     52.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack::total         2125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        1308     50.72%     50.72% |        1271     49.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         2579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack    |      233155     48.72%     48.72% |      245424     51.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.WB_Ack::total       478579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.CALL_BACK |           0      0.00%      0.00% |       12328    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.CALL_BACK::total        12328                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load   |      213976     51.74%     51.74% |      199549     48.26%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Load::total       413525                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch |      275352     49.13%     49.13% |      285115     50.87%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Ifetch::total       560467                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store  |       59453     42.78%     42.78% |       79537     57.22%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Store::total       138990                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv    |        5070     48.47%     48.47% |        5390     51.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.NP.Inv::total        10460                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load    |         367     50.27%     50.27% |         363     49.73%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Load::total          730                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store   |         119     52.42%     52.42% |         108     47.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.Store::total          227                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement |         789     47.59%     47.59% |         869     52.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.I.L1_Replacement::total         1658                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load    |      672206     58.75%     58.75% |      471890     41.25%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load::total      1144096                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch  |     7432629     61.91%     61.91% |     4573532     38.09%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch::total     12006161                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store   |        1018     47.88%     47.88% |        1108     52.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Store::total         2126                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv     |         964     52.42%     52.42% |         875     47.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Inv::total         1839                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement |      313814     49.76%     49.76% |      316887     50.24%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.L1_Replacement::total       630701                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load_S  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         173    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Load_S::total          173                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4011    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.S.Ifetch_S::total         4011                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load    |     3078203     60.87%     60.87% |     1978856     39.13%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load::total      5057059                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store   |       44325     53.38%     53.38% |       38704     46.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Store::total        83029                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv     |           1      9.09%      9.09% |          10     90.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Inv::total           11                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement |      129764     50.47%     50.47% |      127352     49.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.L1_Replacement::total       257116                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX |          82     29.50%     29.50% |         196     70.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETX::total          278                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS |         727     48.66%     48.66% |         767     51.34%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GETS::total         1494                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GET_INSTR |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Fwd_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load_S  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4364    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.E.Load_S::total         4364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load    |     5171763     60.92%     60.92% |     3317843     39.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load::total      8489606                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store   |     4262117     59.29%     59.29% |     2926523     40.71%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Store::total      7188640                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv     |           2     28.57%     28.57% |           5     71.43%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Inv::total            7                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement |      103391     46.69%     46.69% |      118072     53.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.L1_Replacement::total       221463                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX |         226     46.50%     46.50% |         260     53.50%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETX::total          486                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS |        1050     52.92%     52.92% |         934     47.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Fwd_GETS::total         1984                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load_S  |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2769    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M.Load_S::total         2769                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement |           1     33.33%     33.33% |           2     66.67%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.L1_Replacement::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive |      161627     53.10%     53.10% |      142746     46.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive::total       304373                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1 |        1701     48.92%     48.92% |        1776     51.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1::total         3477                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks |      302099     50.19%     50.19% |      299761     49.81%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks::total       601860                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_M |       13455     35.80%     35.80% |       24129     64.20%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_M::total        37584                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_M |       10813     40.93%     40.93% |       15604     59.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_M::total        26417                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         322    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_Exclusive_S::total          322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           3    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.DataS_fromL1_S::total            3                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_S |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         686    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IS.Data_all_Acks_S::total          686                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.L1_Replacement::total            2                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data   |         291     64.10%     64.10% |         163     35.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data::total          454                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks |       59282     42.72%     42.72% |       79482     57.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.IM.Data_all_Acks::total       138764                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv    |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Inv::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack    |        1017     47.86%     47.86% |        1108     52.14%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack::total         2125                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all |        1308     50.72%     50.72% |        1271     49.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SM.Ack_all::total         2579                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load  |         116     56.04%     56.04% |          91     43.96%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Load::total          207                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch |           1     16.67%     16.67% |           5     83.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Ifetch::total            6                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store |          13     68.42%     68.42% |           6     31.58%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Store::total           19                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.Fwd_GETS::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack |      233154     48.72%     48.72% |      245424     51.28%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.M_I.WB_Ack::total       478578                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SINK_WB_ACK.WB_Ack::total            1                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB.CALL_BACK |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         322    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB.CALL_BACK::total          322                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_S.CALL_BACK |           0      0.00%      0.00% |         689    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_S.CALL_BACK::total          689                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_SS.CALL_BACK |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4184    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_SS.CALL_BACK::total         4184                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_EE.CALL_BACK |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        4364    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_EE.CALL_BACK::total         4364                      
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_MM.CALL_BACK |           0      0.00%      0.00% |        2769    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L1Cache_Controller.SB_MM.CALL_BACK::total         2769                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR |      280017     49.96%     49.96% |      280450     50.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GET_INSTR::total       560467                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS   |      227011     54.79%     54.79% |      187305     45.21%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETS::total       414316                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX   |       70630     50.73%     50.73% |       68591     49.27%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_GETX::total       139221                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE |        1047     48.54%     48.54% |        1110     51.46%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_UPGRADE::total         2157                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX   |      251840     52.62%     52.62% |      226740     47.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L1_PUTX::total       478580                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement |        6769     49.95%     49.95% |        6782     50.05%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement::total        13551                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean |        9189     50.88%     50.88% |        8871     49.12%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.L2_Replacement_clean::total        18060                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data  |       49029     50.15%     50.15% |       48737     49.85%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Data::total        97766                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack   |       16610     50.47%     50.47% |       16299     49.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Mem_Ack::total        32909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data   |         954     47.92%     47.92% |        1037     52.08%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data::total         1991                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean |         773     51.67%     51.67% |         723     48.33%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.WB_Data_clean::total         1496                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack       |         678     50.41%     50.41% |         667     49.59%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack::total         1345                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all   |        4243     50.59%     50.59% |        4144     49.41%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Ack_all::total         8387                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock   |        1720     49.43%     49.43% |        1760     50.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Unblock::total         3480                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock |      254425     52.61%     52.61% |      229196     47.39%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.Exclusive_Unblock::total       483621                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv   |        1304     50.23%     50.23% |        1292     49.77%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MEM_Inv::total         2596                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR |       13189     49.93%     49.93% |       13228     50.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GET_INSTR::total        26417                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS |       19171     51.01%     51.01% |       18413     48.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETS::total        37584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX |       16669     49.37%     49.37% |       17096     50.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.NP.L1_GETX::total        33765                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR |      266801     49.96%     49.96% |      267199     50.04%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GET_INSTR::total       534000                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS |       42481     62.02%     62.02% |       26016     37.98%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETS::total        68497                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX |         234     51.09%     51.09% |         224     48.91%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_GETX::total          458                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE |        1038     48.85%     48.85% |        1087     51.15%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_UPGRADE::total         2125                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement |          18     51.43%     51.43% |          17     48.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean |        4222     50.62%     50.62% |        4119     49.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS.L2_Replacement_clean::total         8341                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR |          27     55.10%     55.10% |          22     44.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GET_INSTR::total           49                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS |      163589     53.69%     53.69% |      141106     46.31%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETS::total       304695                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX |       53265     51.10%     51.10% |       50966     48.90%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L1_GETX::total       104231                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement |        6750     49.94%     49.94% |        6765     50.06%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement::total        13515                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean |        4967     51.11%     51.11% |        4751     48.89%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.L2_Replacement_clean::total         9718                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv |         643     50.16%     50.16% |         639     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M.MEM_Inv::total         1282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GET_INSTR |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GET_INSTR::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS |        1720     49.44%     49.44% |        1759     50.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETS::total         3479                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX |         459     60.08%     60.08% |         305     39.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_GETX::total          764                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX |      251840     52.62%     52.62% |      226738     47.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L1_PUTX::total       478578                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.L2_Replacement_clean::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv |           9     56.25%     56.25% |           7     43.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT.MEM_Inv::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack |       16610     50.47%     50.47% |       16299     49.53%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.Mem_Ack::total        32909                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv |         643     50.16%     50.16% |         639     49.84%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.M_I.MEM_Inv::total         1282                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data |           7    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.WB_Data::total            7                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all |           3     30.00%     30.00% |           7     70.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.Ack_all::total           10                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv |           9     56.25%     56.25% |           7     43.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_I.MEM_Inv::total           16                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MCT_I.Ack_all::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack   |         660     50.38%     50.38% |         650     49.62%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack::total         1310                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all |        4222     50.62%     50.62% |        4119     49.38%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.I_I.Ack_all::total         8341                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack   |          18     51.43%     51.43% |          17     48.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all |          18     51.43%     51.43% |          17     48.57%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.S_I.Ack_all::total           35                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data |       19171     51.01%     51.01% |       18413     48.99%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.ISS.Mem_Data::total        37584                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data |       13189     49.93%     49.93% |       13228     50.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IS.Mem_Data::total        26417                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data |       16669     49.37%     49.37% |       17096     50.63%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.IM.Mem_Data::total        33765                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS |          42     80.77%     80.77% |          10     19.23%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETS::total           52                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX |           2    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_GETX::total            2                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.L1_UPGRADE::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |        1272     49.25%     49.25% |        1311     50.75%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.SS_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total         2583                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS |           8     88.89%     88.89% |           1     11.11%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETS::total            9                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX |           1    100.00%    100.00% |           0      0.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.L1_GETX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock |      253153     52.63%     52.63% |      227885     47.37%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_MB.Exclusive_Unblock::total       481038                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX |           0      0.00%      0.00% |           1    100.00%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.L1_PUTX::total            1                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data |         650     46.93%     46.93% |         735     53.07%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data::total         1385                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean |         610     51.56%     51.56% |         573     48.44%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.WB_Data_clean::total         1183                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock |         460     50.44%     50.44% |         452     49.56%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IIB.Unblock::total          912                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE |           8     25.81%     25.81% |          23     74.19%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.L1_UPGRADE::total           31                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data |         297     49.58%     49.58% |         302     50.42%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data::total          599                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean |         163     52.08%     52.08% |         150     47.92%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_IB.WB_Data_clean::total          313                      
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock |        1260     49.07%     49.07% |        1308     50.93%    100.00%
system.ruby.L2Cache_Controller.MT_SB.Unblock::total         2568                      
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus0.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.arm                   0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus1.kern.inst.quiesce               0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
